

Amy: Where'd you go?
Sonic: Just out!
Amy: He's so mysterious!

Chris: Wow Ella, they're coming to see me!
Ella: What a nice surprise!
Chris: It's not even my birthday! Err.. uh oh...
Mr. Tanaka: Is there something wrong?
Chris: No, I'm all done! Can I go now?
Ella: Yes, go ahead!
Chris: See ya later!
Ella: Something is up!
Chris: I've gotta go to school so I'm counting on you guys to stay out of sight when my parents show up.
Nessa: Gotcha, no problem!
Amy: Yeah sure, you can count on us!
Chris: It won't be for long. Mum and Dad's visits have to be short because they both have busy schedules.

[Sonic gets up and walks off without saying anything.]

Chris: Hey, Sonic! Is he mad at me?
Amy: Don't mind him!
Chuck: Get going, Chris! You'll be late for school if you don't hurry up!
Chris: Ahh.. [Chris runs down the stairs in a hurry only to fall off.] I'm okay!

[Nessa, Amy and Chuck let out a breath of relief.]

Nessa: Chris sure is happy about his folks visiting, huh Chuck?
Chuck: He is.
Amy: What did they do?
Chuck: Chris' dad is the president of a huge software company. He spends most of his time in the office or travelling on business.
Amy: And what about his mum?
Chuck: She's a star. A famous actress who jets all around the world making movies.
Nessa: I bet it's pretty tough for Chris for not having his parents around most of the time.
Chuck: Yes.
Amy: He must miss them.
Dr. Eggman: Grr, I've got to think of something... err..AH! I've got to think of a way to conquer this planet! Perhaps the children, maybe one of my robots could brainwash the school kiddies so that they'd love me and honor me and look up to me as a hero and they could persuade their parents to accept me as their ruler!
Decoe: Here are your choices. [Passes the cards to Eggman.]
Dr. Eggman: Hmm, let's see... this is a tough one! I'll let the machine decide! [Places the cards inside the slot and pulls down the handle.] Perfect!

[A teacher-like robot emerges from the runway of the fortress and flies to Chris' school.]

Kid 1: What do you think this is?
Kid 2: I don't know...
Chris: That doesn't make any sense!
Frances: I don't even know where to start!
Kid 3: I'm totally lost!
Chris: Should we wake him up?
Danny: No, don't!
Frances: Maybe he'll put us to sleep!
Intelligente: My, my! What an intelligent-looking class! Oh, perhaps I've arrived during nap time!
Mr. Stewart: Uh, I'm sorry, what are you?
Intelligente: Hmm, I'll give you 3 guesses, young man!
Mr. Stewart: You're a robot?
Intelligente: A robot teacher! Hmm, goodbye! I'm taking over!
Mr. Stewart: You are?
Intelligente: I am!
Mr. Stewart: How's that- [Intelligente picks up Mr. Stewart and tosses him away.] They're replacing me with a robot, huh? Wait 'til I give the principal a piece of my mind!
School Principal: Delicious!
Mr. Stewart: HOW DARE YOU- oh! I'm glad to know that you never hired that robot. My students will be relieved too! [Students giggling]
Intelligente: And that's how to crack an equation! Mathematics is a breed where you keep your eye on the pie!
Chris: Now it's starting to make sense!
Frances: It's easy!
Danny: Mmmm, alright!
School Principal: That robot is a great teacher! Send him on this class and study his technique! [Chuckles as he leaves.]
Mr. Stewart: But sir...

[Students cheering]

Intelligente: Thank you, class! It's an honor to teach you!
Mr. Stewart: There's something fishy here! I better check this out with headquarters! [Mr. Stewart sneaks into the boy's bathroom.] Come in, this is "Chalkboard Charlie" calling homeroom with a cold, red priority alert.
Communicator man: Let me get this straight, you want us to send in our land, sea and air forces because a robot kicked you out of your classroom?
Mr. Stewart: Roger, I'll transmit my coordinates.
Communicator man: [Laughs] We'll control him, use this! [Thumps on the desk.]
Mr. Stewart: Seems like we're having technical difficulties! I'll have to go to the police!
Police officer: So you're assaulted by a robot who took over your class and now he's holding all your students as prisoners? Stay right there, I'll be over in a jiff to investigate.
Mr. Stewart: Where is that cop? He's late! [Police alarms] Well, finally! Hurry, hurry, hurry! Come on, officer, the kids are in danger, let's move it! Just remember, the robot's dangerous! That mechanical menace just kidnapped the kids!
Intelligente: I've always wanted to play baseball. Shall we? [Kids cheer in agreement.] Well, what are we waiting for? Play ball!
Mr. Stewart: Right there! You knock it down and I'll attempt to disable its power supply! There's no time to lose!
Intelligente: Remember to keep your wrist relaxed all through the pitch, like so! You see?
Police officer: It doesn't seem like these kids are in danger to me, in fact, it looks like they're having a great time! I wish I was out there playing!
Mr. Stewart: Stop pegging out and arrest him! [Snatches the officer's burger.]
Police officer: Oy! I'm nailing you for burger burglary! [Chases Mr. Stewart] Drop that sandwich, scumbo!
Dr. Eggman: I wonder if Intelligente has successfully brainwashed those brats into admiring me yet! I better look and see if it's going! Errgh, what's this?!
Intelligente: I'm ready!
Danny: Put it over the plate!
Frances: You can do it! Throw him a curveball! [Chris throws the ball, which Intelligente hits it high.] Mr. Intelligente is amazing!
Intelligente: My first home run! How thrilling! Baseball is such an exhilarating activity!
Decoe: Intelligente sure is a hit with his students. They love him.
Dr. Eggman: He's supposed to make those kids love me, not himself!
Mr. Tanaka and Ella: Welcome home.
Nelson and Lindsey: Thank you.
Chuck: Linsey, Nelson.
Nelson: Good to see you, dad.
Lindsey: Hello, father. How is everything going here at home?
Chuck: Wonderfully well, now that the two of you are here.
Nelson: When does Chris get back home from school?
Nessa: Chris' dad seems like a nice guy.
Amy: His mom is really pretty! Don't you think so, Sonic?
Sonic: Mmmpph...
Amy: Aw..
Kids: Yay! Go, Danny! Knock it out!
Chris: Wow, nice shot!
Frances: That is gone!

[Intelligente rockets to the air, catching the ball in mid-air.]

Chris: That's the greatest catch ever!
Frances: Woah, he's cool!
Intelligente: Oh well, well, well! Seems that the retro thruster aren't as rusty as I thought! [Chuckles] Reminds me of the early days on the cricket field from when I was no bigger than a laptop! [Chuckles.]
Bokkun: Message for you.
Intelligente: Huh? Bokkun!
Bokkun: Dr. Eggman has a message for you.
Intelligente: Hmm, a message?
Bokkun: How would you like to visit the junkyard!
Intellligente: Do you mean he's sniffed at me?
Bokkun: Sure the doc said he's angry at you that those kids are supposed to get stuck on him not you, bucket brain!
Intelligente: That used to be my mission! [Bokkun grunts angrily.] I'm afraid that's all changed!
Bokkun: Huh, how come?
Intelligente: I was sent here to make these students admire Dr. Eggman but I found it more rewarding to be admired myself!
Bokkun: What?! You blown a circuit or something?! Don't you know Dr. Eggman will turn you into scrap metal, you barrel of bolts!
Frances: Mr. Intelligente, what's going on?
Intelligente: Dr. Eggman may do with me as he wishes but I refuse to abandon the students in my charge!
Frances: You're the greatest teacher I've known! I wish all teachers were as great as you are!
Chris: Me too!
Danny: Same here!
Intelligente: Oh... thank you... that's wonderful! [Makes "crying" sounds]
Bokkun: Stop crying and teach those kids to admire Dr. Eggman! Now I'm crying!
Decoe: He lost it.
Dr. Eggman: That crybaby! They should like me!
Intelligente: I'll see you all tomorrow, class!
Chris: I've gotta hurry home now, guys!
Frances: Yeah, how come?
Chris: Because my mum and dad are coming home for a visit! See ya!
Dr. Eggman: Intelligente!
Intelligente: Oh my hard drive, it's you!
Dr. Eggman: I bet you think you're smart for disobeying my orders, you transistorized traitor, but I'll fix you!
Intelligente: No, please don't disassemble me! Chris, help me get away!
Chris: Huh, but what about what you said that a few minutes ago when you swore you'd never abandon us no matter what Dr. Eggman threatened to do to you?
Intelligente: I really said "no matter what"?
Frances: You did!
Danny: We all heard it!
Intelligente: I suppose there's no way around it! What was I thinking? [Dr. Eggman laughs]
Chris: What's so funny?
Dr. Eggman: You really don't believe that snivelling circuit box plans to keep his promise! I'm ordering him to keep you in detention where you will be forced to respect me!
Chris: No way!
Danny: What a snake!
Dr. Eggman: Listen robot, unless you want to end up in a scrap heap, you will follow my orders!
Intelligente: Yes, sir!
Chris: I'm not staying! I've gotta go home!
Intelligente: Not so fast! You'll stay in detention with the rest 'til Dr. Eggman dismisses you!
Chuck: I wonder what's keeping Chris. He knows that you two are here to see him.
Lindsey: What if there's been an accident?
Nelson: I'm sure my security people would find out and contact me.
Lindsey: You're right. He's probably playing with his friends and simply hasn't noticed the time.
Ella: I wonder what's keeping Chris. Dinner's almost ready!
Mr. Tanaka: Perhaps I should go and look for him.
Ella: You know that the Thorndykes don't want Chris babied or treated different from the other kids! I'm sure he's fine!
Nelson: I'm going to look for the boy!
Lindsey: Nelson, have some faith in your son.
Nelson: Huh, right. He's a level-headed boy and I'm sure there's a good reason why he's late. WE HAVE TO STAY CALM!
Chuck: (He hasn't changed since he was a boy.)
Amy: I'm getting worried now, too!
Nessa: Hey, Sonic!
Amy: Could you go look?

[Sonic runs off.]

Intelligente: For today's art class, we will sketch the illustrious figure of the great Dr. Eggman! As you draw, take special notes of the doctor's noble visage and dignified bearing!
Dr. Eggman: Does this pose inspire you? Or how about something more dynamic!
Chris: Uggh, it doesn't matter how that man stands, he'll always look terrible!

[Sonic runs past the students, Eggman and Intelligente causing the books to fly into the air.]

Frances: Hey, what was that?
Intelligente: What?
Dr. Eggman: Perhaps a pose as a champion!
Intelligente: You mean a chump! You're so busy showing off you haven't noticed that we're under attack!
Sonic: I'd always knew you were a poser, Eggman!
Dr. Eggman: Intelligente!
Intelligente: Yes sir!
Dr. Eggman: Get rid of Sonic!
Danny and Frances: Who's Sonic?
Intelligente: Yes sir, whatever you say!

[Intelligente fires missiles at Sonic only for the hedgehog to dodge all of them and charge right into his body, destroying Intelligente.]

Danny: Wow!
Frances: He's tough!
Dr. Eggman: Here Sonic, your prize!
Sonic: What prize?
Dr. Egmman: A little reward for your victory!
Sonic: I don't want a booby prize!
Dr. Eggman: Fine, you take it!
Chris: No thanks, keep it!
Frances: Yuck, who'd want that?!
Danny: Nasty!
Dr. Eggman: Alright, I'll wear it myself! Bye! [Jumps into the Egg Mobile and flies away.]
Frances: He's a weirdo!
Danny: Yeah!
Chris: He could keep me after school for a million years and I still wouldn't admire him!
Sonic: You'd better hurry home, Chris. Your parents are waiting.
Chris: Yeah, that's right!
Danny: He's so cool!
Frances: Sure is!
Mr. Stewart: You know, maybe there's more to being a school teacher than just passing out homework and taking naps in class.
Police officer: Enjoying my burger, bub! Hey, get back here! Stop chewing you thief! One more and I'll call out the SWAT team!
Chris: Hey mom and dad, I'm home!
Lindsey and Nelson: It's Chris!
Nelson: Son!
Lindsey: I was so worried!
Nelson: I told your mother you could look after yourself but she wouldn't listen!
Chris: Sorry, I've got held up at school!
Nelson: [Chuckles] Of course, there was absolutely nothing to be worried about! You know, when I was your age, I was kept after school a few times myself. [Chuckles]
Lindsey: Oh, I'm sure Chris is better-behaved than you, o-dear!
Chuck: That's for sure! Actually Chris, your father was more worried about your absence than he lets off! Wasn't he, Tanaka?
Mr. Tanaka: Well, Mr. Thorndyke was concerned enough to phone the President.
Ella: And Mrs. Thorndyke called all the DD Networks to get it on the bulletin on the nineteen news!
Lindsey: Ugh, I didn't call all of them!
Nessa: The Throndyke seem like a real nice family, don't they Amy?
Amy: I'm glad Chris made it back home on-time!
Nessa: Uh huh, it always feels good to be back at home!
 RALEIGH:Oh, my God. Look at her. Gipsy Danger.

 RALEIGH:God, it's so beautiful.

 RALEIGH:She looks like new.

 MAKO: Better than new.

 MAKO:She has a double-core nuclear reactor.

 MAKO:She's one of a kind now.

 MAKO:She always was.
  
 RALEIGH:Thank you for your honesty. You might be right.But one day, when you're a pilot, you're gonna see that in combat...you make decisions. And you have to live with the consequences. That's what I'm trying to do.
 
 MAKO:The candidates are ready. We will commence the trials immediately, sir.
 
 RALEIGH:Good. But there is one thing.
  
 RALEIGH:Mako, we have talked about this.
  
 MAKO:We will not be talking about it again.You promised me.
  
 Mako: Vengeance is like an open wound. You cannot take that level of emotion into the Drift.

 AI: I'm tracking it, but I'm getting no vital signs.

 MAKO: I can't find his pulse. I don't think he's breathing.
   Nessa: "The enemy has captured Captain Keyes, and are holding him aboard one of their cruisers, the Truth and Reconciliation. The ship is currently holding position approximately three hundred meters above the other end of this plateau."
 ODST: "So how do we get inside the ship if it's in the air? The Corps issued me a rifle, not wings."
 Nessa: "Once we get inside the ship, I should be able to lock on to the tracking signal from Captain Keyes' neural implants."
 ODST: "Everybody out!"
 Sergeant Parker: "Hit it Marines, go go go! The Corps ain't payin' us by the hour!"
 Nessa: "Stick to the higher ground on the right. We should be able to recon the Covenant position without being spotted. I'm detecting Covenant Stationary Guns near the next pass. I recommend using your Sniper Rifle to take out the gunners while I call for Marine support. (over radio) Get ready to move in to support us, Sergeant. The Master Chief is going to covertly take out as many of the Covenant as he can. Don't open fire until you hear the enemy return fire on us. That should let us keep the element of surprise."
 Sergeant Parker: "Let 'em have it!"
 Nessa: "Alert! A Covenant is making a run for that stationary gun. (Drops NAV point on Grunt) Take him out!"
 ODST: "Hey, we did it! We're right behind you, Chief!"
 Nessa: "Stop. Motion tracker shows movement around the next bend."
 Sergeant Parker: "We're ready to advance as soon as you call for us, Nessa."
 Nessa: "Covenant forces detected up ahead. The path up on the left should let us sneak up around them."
 Sergeant Parker: "We'll hang back while you get into position, Chief."
 Nessa: "Nessa to Fire Team Charlie. The Chief has the left flank covered. Recommend you move up the middle."
 Nessa: "Nessa to Fire Team Charlie. The Chief has secured the middle. Get ready to move up the left, you should be able to flank the enemy."
 ODST: "Roger that."
 Nessa: "Alert! Covenant Dropships are inbound!"
 Nessa: "We're directly under the ship now."
 ODST: "Alright! Are we bad or what?"
 ODST 2: "Mother of God...I'd never thought I'd get close to one of these things. How the hell are we suppose to get inside that monster?"
 ODST 2: "If we're gonna board that thing, we need a plan."
 Nessa: "The Covenant use a Gravity Lift to ferry troops and supplies between the ship and the surface. We need to ambush them at the Grav Lift's loading zone, and use the lift to enter the ship."
 ODST: "Oh, is that all! Thats's us, the few, the proud, the expendable."
 Nessa: "Nessa to Echo 419, requesting reinforcements from our position."
 Foe Hammer (COM): "Roger, Nessa, Echo 419 on approach."

 Covenant troops soon drop from the cruiser's Gravity Lift, engaging the team.

ODST: "Contact, enemy in sight!"

or

Sergeant Parker: "Covenant forces sighted! Let's hit 'em, Charlie Team!"

ODST: "Crap, those stationary guns are gonna tear us to pieces!"

or

ODST: "Sir, those freakin' guns have us pinned down!"

As another Spirit approaches:

Nessa: "Alert! Covenant Dropships are inbound!"

ODST: "Man, there's always something..."

After the team kills everything, including a pair of Hunters:

Sergeant Parker: "We've secured the area. Let's square away the grav lift. Marines! Prepare for boarding action."

or

Sergeant Parker: "This area's clear. No hostiles present. Marines, secure the grav lift and prepare for boarding!"

ODST: "Yes, sir!"

ODSTs gather under the grav lift

If any of the Marines are KIA:

Nessa (COM): "Nessa to Echo 419. We've reached the Gravity Lift and are ready for reinforcements."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Copy that, Nessa. Hang tight, gentlemen. Foe Hammer out."

Nessa: "Once we're inside the ship, I can home in on the Captain's command-neural interface. He'll probably be in or near the ship's brig, which should narrow our search."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Echo 419 inbound, clear the drop zone."

Staff Sergeant Johnson: "Go, go, go!"

or

Staff Sergeant Stacker: "Everybody out!"

Marines exiting the Pelican greet the Chief before taking position around the lift.
Into the Belly of the Beast

{Cutscene}

Marine 1: "Whoa!"

The Marine begins to float into the air.

Marine 2: "Yee-haw!"

Chief begins to float upwards.

Once the team gets inside:

{Gameplay}

Nessa: "We're in. I've got a good lock on the Captain's CNI transponder. No Covenant defenses detected."

Marine 1: "What, there's no Covenant here? Maybe nobody's home..."

The bay doors open and Covenant troops begin to attack the squad.

Marine 2: "Contacts! Lots of contacts!"

Marine 3: (sarcastically) "No Covenant! Ya had to open your mouth!"

The Chief and the Marines fight off multiple waves of Covenant reinforcements attacking from all sides. After the last wave has been defeated, a pair of massive blast doors open to reveal a Hunter pair.

Once the Hunters are killed:

Marine 2: "Area secure, Sir. We'd better keep moving. How about that door?"

The team exits the cargo bay through the open doors the Hunters came through. They head down the corridor but are stopped by a second set of blast doors:

Marine 2: "The door's locked, sir. I can't bypass it. We can't get through here."

or

Marine 3: "The door's locked, sir. No way through."

Nessa (COM): "We can use the side passages to find a way around."

Sergeant Parker: "We'd be sitting ducks in that narrow space. We can hold this position if you can find your way around and open the door from the other side, Chief."

Nessa: "Chief, let's see if we can find a way to open this door."

As the Chief goes alone and makes his way to a balcony overlooking another cargo bay:

Nessa: "Wait. That's the locked door down there. The Marines are waiting on the other side. The controls to open it must be somewhere in this room."

The Chief makes it to the ground level and opens the door, letting the rest of the team inside.

After the cargo bay has been secured:

Marine 3: "All clear, sir!"

Nessa: "We should get moving."

Marine 1: "Alright, everybody stay cool. Yell if you see anything."

The team soon enters a large docking bay just in time to witness a Covenant dropship taking off.

If three or more Marines are dead:

Nessa: "Nessa to Echo 419, requesting reinforcements at our position."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Foe Hammer here, Nessa... I read you, but you're inside the Covenant ship. I'm not sure I can — "

Nessa (COM): "Lock onto my signal and approach fast and low. There's a shuttle bay on the ship's starboard side."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Roger, Nessa - Echo 419 on approach."

The Chief and the rest of the team go around the docking bay battling multiple waves of Covenant.

When the team reaches the door on the other side:

Marine 3: "Hey, which way should we go now? All the doors on this level are locked!"

Nessa (COM): "Wait a moment. I'm going to access the Covenant Battlenet and locate an override code to open a door."

Marine 2: "You'd better hurry Nessa, we can't hold them off all day."

Nessa (COM): "Working on it." (To the Master Chief) "I'd like to see you crack a 128,000-bit modulating encryption key."

Once you kill the pair of Hunters:

Nessa: "Got it. The door is open. Everyone should move through now. I can't guarantee that it won't lock again when it closes."

The Chief leads the team up to the second level.

If every Marine in the team is dead, as the Chief approaches the second level of the docking bay:

Nessa: "I'm going to call for reinforcements. There's no sense going in with anything less than full strength."

Nessa (COM): "Nessa to Foe Hammer. We need additional support troops. We're going to open the shuttle bay door again. Move in and drop off reserve troops on my signal."

Foe Hammer (COM): "I copy, Nessa. Echo 419 standing by for your signal."

As the Chief disengages the energy shield over the bay doors:

Nessa (COM): "Nessa to Echo 419. The shuttle bay door is open. You can start your approach."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Roger. Echo 419 inbound."

The Chief leads the Marines up to the third level.

Once the team reaches the ship's bridge and kills all the Covenant forces inside including the Zealot Shipmaster:

Nessa: "This looks like the ship's command center. The Captain's transponder signal is strong, he must be close."

Marine 1: "This is a good spot, Chief. We'll mind the store here while you go find the Captain. Good luck, sir."

or

Sergeant Parker: "This looks like a good spot. We'll mind the store here while you go after the Captain. Good luck."

The Chief heads off to rescue the Captain.

When the Chief come across an empty brig:

Nessa : "We must be in the brig. These look like holding cells. There are probably multiple detention stations. The Captain must be in one of them. We need to keep looking for him."

When the Chief comes across an occupied detention center:

Marine POW 1: "It's the Chief!"

Marine POW 2: "Chief! Chief! Let me out, man!"

Captain Keyes: "Watch out Chief, the Covenant guards are using some sort of stealth armor."

When the Chief kills all the Covenant guards including two Stealth Elites and another Zealot:

Captain Keyes: "Good work, Chief."

Marine Corporal (POW): "That was amazing, sir, you really kicked the shi—"

Captain Keyes: "Stow it, Corporal! Chief, open these cells, and let's get the hell out of here. The power control's along the back wall."

The Chief opens all the cells.

{Cutscene}

The Chief helps Keyes to his feet

Captain Keyes: "Coming here was reckless. You two know better than this....thanks."

Keyes and the Chief leave the cell. Keyes addresses the freed Marines.

Captain Keyes: "Marines! Lock and load your weapons, let's be ready to move."

Marine 1: "Okay, Sir."

Marine 2: "Yes, Sir."

The three freed Marines, each armed with a Plasma Rifle, assemble in front of the Captain.

Captain Keyes: "While the Covenant had us locked up in here, I overheard the guards talking about this ring world. They call it... "Halo"."

Nessa (COM): "One moment, sir. Accessing the Covenant Battlenet. (Pause) According to the data in their networks, the ring has some kind of deep religious significance. If I'm analyzing this correctly, they believe that Halo is some kind of weapon. One with vast, unimaginable power."

Captain Keyes: "And it's true... The Covenant kept saying that whoever controls Halo controls the fate of the universe."

Nessa (COM): "Now I see... I have intercepted a number of messages about a Covenant search team, scouting for a "control room". I thought they were looking for the bridge of a cruiser that I damaged during the battle above the ring. But they must be looking for Halo's control room."

Captain Keyes: "That's bad news. If Halo is a weapon, and the Covenant gain control of it, they'll use it against us and wipe out the entire human race." (Pause) "Chief, Nessa. I have a new mission for you. We need to beat the Covenant to Halo's control room. Marines! Let's move!"

Marine 1: "Yes, Sir."

Marine 2: "Okay, Sir."

The Captain picks up a fallen Needler.

Captain Keyes: "Chief, you have the point."

Shut Up and Get Behind me... Sir

{Gameplay}

Nessa: "We should head back to the shuttle bay and call for evac."

A pair of Stealth Elites armed with Plasma Rifles charge into the brig and the fighting resumes.

If Captain Keyes dies at some point:

Nessa: "No! Without the Captain... (sad and slow) the Covenant have already won..."

or

Nessa: "No! We lost the Captain..."

The game then reverts to the last checkpoint.

After fighting their way back to the bridge, the Chief and the others discover that Sergeant Parker and his squad have been killed by two Stealth Elites with Energy Swords.

After the Stealth Elites have been killed:

Nessa: "We made it!

Nessa (COM): Nessa to Echo 419 - We have the Captain and need extraction on the double."

Foe Hammer (COM): "Negative, Nessa. I've been engaged by Covenant air patrols, and I'm havin' a tough time shakin' 'em. You'll be better off findin' your own ride... sorry."

Nessa (COM): "Acknowledged, Foe Hammer. Nessa out.
Nessa: Air support is cut off, Captain. We need to hold here until she can move in."
Marine POW 1: "Aw, man! We're trapped in here! We're screwed! We're screwed, man!"
Marine POW 2: "Oh great! Now we're trapped here. We're screwed!"
Captain Keyes "Stow the bellyaching, soldier. Remember you're a leatherneck. Nessa, if you and the Chief can get us into one of those Covenant dropships I can fly us outta here."
Nessa (COM): "Yes, Captain. There's a Covenant dropship still docked."
Nessa: "That's it. The dropship is loose."
Captain Keyes: "Everybody, mount up. Let's get onboard."
Nessa (COM): "Give me a minute to interface with the ship's controls."
Captain Keyes: "No, no need. I'll take this bird out myself."
Nessa (COM): Captain! Hunters!"
Captain Keyes: "Hang on!"
Captain Keyes: "Time for a little payback."
Chief Tui: Thank you, Mother, that's enough.
Nessa: Papa!
Chief Tui: No one goes outside the reef. We're safe here. There is no darkness. There are no monsters.
(Children screaming)
Chief Tui: There is nothing beyond that reef but storm and rough sea. As long as we stay on our very safe island, we'll be fine.
Gramma Tala: The legends are true. Someone will have to go.
Chief Tui: Mother, Motunui is paradise. Who would want to go anywhere else?
Chief Tui: Nessa! Oh, there you are. Nessa, what are you doing? You scared me.
Nessa: Fun, I wants go back.
Chief Tui: I know, I know, but you don't go out there. It's dangerous. Nessa, come on... Let's go back to the village. You are the next great chief of our people.
Sina: And you'll do wondrous things, my little minnow.
Chief Tui: Oh yes, but first, you must learn where you're meant to be.
Chief Tui:   Nessa, make way, make way / Nessa, it's time you knew / The village of Motunui is all you need / The dancers are practicing / They dance to an ancient song / (Who needs a new song? This old one's all we need) / This tradition is our mission / And Nessa, there's so much to do (Make way) / Don't trip on the taro root, that's all you need / We share everything we make (We make) / We joke and we weave our baskets (Aha!) / The fishermen come back from the sea  
Nessa:   I wanna see  
Chief Tui:   Don't walk away / Nessa, stay on the ground now / Our people will need a chief and there you are  
Chief Tui and Sina:   There comes a day / When you're gonna look around / And realize happiness is where you are  
Chief Tui:   Consider the coconut (the what?) / Consider its tree / We use each part of the coconut, that's all we need  
Sina:   We make our nets from the fibers / The water's sweet inside / We use the leaves to build fires / We cook up the meat inside  
Chief Tui:   Consider the coconuts / The trunks and the leaves / The island gives us what we need  
Nessa:   And no one leaves  
Chief Tui:   That's right, we stay /We're safe and we're well provided / And when we look to the future / There you are / You'll be okay / In time you'll learn just as I did  
Chief Tui and Sina:   You must find happiness right where you are  
Gramma Tala:   I like to dance with the water / The undertow and the waves / The water is mischievous, ha! / I like how it misbehaves / The village may think I'm crazy / Or say that I drift too far / But once you know what you like, well, there you are /
You are your father's daughter / Stubbornness and pride / Mind what he says but remember / You may hear a voice inside / And if the voice starts to whisper / To follow the farthest star / Nessa, that voice inside is who you are  
Nessa: Dad! I was only looking at the boats. I wasn't gonna get on them.
Chief Tui: Come on. There's something I need to show you. I've wanted to bring you here from the moment you opened your eyes. This is a sacred place. The place of chiefs. There will come a time when you will stand on this peak and place a stone on this mountain. Like I did. Like my father did. And his father and every chief there has ever been. And on that day, when you place your stone, you will raise this whole island higher. You are the future of our people, Nessa. They are not out there. They are right here. It's time to be who they need you to be.
Villagers:   We make our nets from the fibers (We weave our nets from the fibers) / The water's sweet inside (And we'll taste the sweet inside) / We use the leaves to build fires (We sing these songs in our choir) / We cook up the meat inside (beat inside)  
Chief Tui:   The village believes in us (Ha! That's right!) / The village believes (Ha!) / The island gives us what we need / And no one leaves  
Nessa:   So here I'll stay / My home, my people beside me / And when I think of tomorrow
Villagers:   There we are  
Nessa:   I'll lead the way / I'll have my people to guide me / We'll build our future together  
Villagers:   Where we are  
Nessa:   'Cause every path leads you back to  
Villagers:   Where you are  
Nessa:   You can find happiness right  
Villagers:   Where you are / Where you are  
Villager: Every storm, this roof leaks no matter how many fronds I add.
Nessa:Fixed! Not the fronds... Wind shifted the post. Mmm... That's good pork. Oh, I mean... No, I wasn't... What? They're calling me, so I gotta... Bye!
Nessa: You're doing great.
Villager: Is he done yet?
Nessa: So close.
Villager: I'm curious about that chicken eating the rock. He seems to lack the basic intelligence required for pretty much... everything. Should we maybe just... cook him?
Nessa: Sometimes our strength lies beneath the surface. Far beneath... in... some cases. But I'm sure there's more to Heihei than meets the eye.
Villager: It's the harvest. This morning I was husking the coconuts and...
Nessa: Well... We should clear the diseased trees. And we will start a new grove... there.
Villager: Thanks, Nessa. She's doing great.
Chief Tui: This suits you.
Villager: Chief! There's something you need to see. Our traps in the east lagoon. They're pulling up less and less fish.
Nessa: Then we'll rotate the fishing ground.
Villager: We have, there's no fish.
Nessa: Oh... Then we'll fish far side of the island.
Villager: We tried.
Nessa: The windward side?
Villager: And the leeward side. The shallows, the channel. We tried the whole lagoon. They're just... gone.
Villagers:
-What have you tried using for the bait?
-I don't use it as a bait.
Chief Tui: I will talk to the council. I'm sure we'll...
Nessa: What if... we fished beyond the reef?
Chief Tui: No one goes beyond the reef.
Nessa: I know. But if there are no fish in the lagoon...
Chief Tui: Nessa...
Nessa: And there's a whole ocean...
Chief Tui: We have one rule.
Nessa: An old rule, when there were fish.
Chief Tui: A rule that keeps us safe!
Nessa: But Dad!
Chief Tui: Instead of endangering our people so you can run right back to the water! Every time I think you're past this. No one goes beyond the reef!
Sina: Well, it's not like you said it in front of your dad... standing on a boat.
Nessa: I didn't say "go beyond the reef" because I want to be on the ocean.
Sina: But you still do. He's hard on you, because...
Nessa: Because he doesn't get me.
Sina: Because he was you. Drawn to the ocean. Down by the shore. He took a canoe, Nessa. He crossed the reef and found an unforgiving sea. Waves like mountains. His best friend begged to be on that boat. He couldn't save him. He's hoping he can save you. Sometimes, who we wish we were, what we wish we can do is just not meant to be.
Nessa:   I've been staring at the edge of the water / Long as I can remember, never really knowing why / I wish I could be the perfect daughter / But I come back to the water, no matter how hard I try / Every turn I take, every trail I track / Every path I make, every road leads back / To the place I know, where I can not go, where I long to be / See the line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me / And no one knows, how far it goes / If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me / One day I'll know, if I go there's just no telling how far I'll go / I know everybody on this island seems so happy on this island / Everything is by design / I know everybody on this island has a role on this island / So maybe I can roll with mine / I can lead with pride, I can make us strong / I'll be satisfied if I play along / But the voice inside sings a different song / What is wrong with me? / See the light as it shines on the sea? It's blinding / But no one knows, how deep it goes / And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me / And let me know, what's beyond that line, will I cross that line? / See the line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me / And no one knows, how far it goes / If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me / One day I'll know, how far I'll go  
Nessa: I can do this. There's more fish beyond the reef. There's more beyond the reef. Not so bad. Pua!
(Gasping for air)
Gramma Tala: Whatever just happened, blame it on the pig.
Nessa: Grandma... Are you gonna tell dad?
Gramma Tala: I'm his mom. I don't have to tell him anything.
Nessa: He was right. About going out there. It's time to put my stone on the mountain.
Gramma Tala: Okay. Well, then head on back. Put that stone up there.
Nessa: Why aren't you trying to talk me out of it?
Gramma Tala: You said that's what you wanted.
Nessa: It is.
Gramma Tala: When I die, I'm going to come back as one of these. Or I chose the wrong tattoo.
Nessa: Why are you acting weird?
Gramma Tala: I'm the village crazy lady. That's my job.
Nessa: If there's something you want to tell me, just tell me. Is there something you want to tell me?
Gramma Tala: Is there something you want to hear? You've been told all our people's stories but one.
Nessa: What is this place?
Gramma Tala: Do you really think our ancestors stayed within the reef?
Nessa: What's in there?
Gramma Tala: The answer to the question you keep asking yourself. Who are you meant to be? Go inside, bang the drum, and find out.
Nessa: Bang the drum.
Matai:   Tatou o tagata folau vala'auina / Le atua o le sami tele e o mai / O ava'e le lu'itau e lelei / Tapenapena  
Voyagers:   Aue, aue / Nuku i mua / Te manulele e tataki e / Aue, aue / Te fenua te malie / Nae ko hakilia kaiga e / We read the wind and the sky when the sun is high / We sail the length of the seas on the ocean breeze / At night, we name every star / We know where we are / We know who we are, who we are / Aue, aue / We set a course to find / A brand new island everywhere we roam / Aue, aue / We keep our island in our mind / And when it's time to find home / We know the way / Aue, aue, / We are explorers reading every sign / We tell the stories of our elders in a never-ending chain / Aue, aue, / Te fenua, te malie / Nae ko hakilia / We know the way
Nessa: We were voyagers. We were voyagers! We were voyagers! We were voyagers! We were voyagers! Why'd we stop?
Gramma Tala: Maui. When he stole from the Mother Island, darkness fell. Te Ka awoke. Monsters lurked and boats stopped coming back. To protect our people, the ancient chiefs forbid voyaging. And now we have forgotten who we are. And the darkness has continue to spread, chasing away our fish, draining the life from island after island.
Nessa: Our island?
Gramma Tala: But one day, someone will journey beyond our reef, find Maui, deliver him across the great ocean to restore the heart of Te Fiti. I was there that day. The ocean chose you.
Nessa: I thought it was a dream.
Gramma Tala: Nope! Our ancestors believed Maui lies there at the bottom of his hook. Follow it and you will find him.
Nessa: But... Why'd it choose me? I don't even know how to make it past the reef. But I know who does.
Villagers:
-The coconuts are turning black.
-What about the fish?
-It happens all over the island.
Chief Tui: Please, please. Settle down.
Villagers:
-What are you going to do?
-Who will dig new fields?
Chief Tui: We'll find a way... We...
Nessa: ... Can stop the darkness. Save our island. This cave has boats. Huge canoes. We can take them to find Maui. Make him restore the heart. We were voyagers. We can voyage again. You told me to help our people. This is how we can help our people. Dad. What are you doing?
Chief Tui: I should've burned those boats a long time ago.
Nessa: No! Don't! We have to find Maui. We have to restore the heart.
Chief Tui: There is no heart. This...this is just a rock.
Nessa: No!
Villager: Chief! It's your mother!
Chief Tui: Mother.
Villagers:
-What can be done?
Gramma Tala: Go.
Nessa: Gramma.
Gramma Tala: Go.
Nessa: Not now. I can't.
Gramma Tala: You must. The ocean chose you. Follow the fish hook.
Nessa: Grandma.
Gramma Tala: And when you find Maui, you grab him by the ear. You say... I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my boat, sail across the sea, and restore the heart of Te Fiti.
Nessa: I... I can't leave you.
Gramma Tala: There is nowhere you could go that I won't be with you. Go.
Nessa:   There's a line where the sky meets the sea and it calls me / But no one knows how far it goes / All the time wondering where I need to be is behind me / I'm on my own, to worlds unknown / Every turn I take, every trail I track / Is a choice I make, now I can't turn back / From the great unknown, where I go alone, where I long to be / See her light up the night in the sea, she calls me / And yes, I know, that I can go / There's a moon in the sky and the wind is behind me / Soon I'll know, how far I'll go  
Nessa: I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my boat, sail across the sea, and restore the heart of Te Fiti. I am Nessa of Motu... nui. Hei-hei?! It's okay. You're alright. Yes... see. There we go. Nice water. The ocean is a friend of mine. Hei-hei. Hei-hei! Stay. Ok. Next stop, Maui. I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my boat, sail across the sea and restore the heart of Te Fiti. I am Nessa... of... Mo... tu... Board my boat! Oh, no. No ... no... no...no. No. Uh, ocean. can I get a little help? No... no. Please. Come on. Help me. Please.
Nessa: Ehmm... What? I said help me. And wrecking my boat?! Not helping! Fish pee in you... all day. So...Maui? Maui. Maui, demigod of the wind and sea, I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my boat. No. You will board my boat. Yeah. I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my...
Maui: Boat! A boat! The Gods have given me a (screams)
Nessa: Maui, shapeshifter, demigod of the wind and sea. I am Nessa...
Maui: Hero of Man.
Nessa: Wh..What?
Maui: It's actually Maui, shapeshifter, demigod of the wind and sea, hero of man. I interrupted, from the top, hero of man. Go.
Nessa: I am Mo...
Maui: Sorry, Sorry, sorry, sorry. And women. Men and women. Both. All. Not a guy-girl thing. Ah, you know, Maui is a hero to all. You're doing great.
Nessa: What? No, I came here to...
Maui: Oh, of course, of course. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Maui always has time for his fans. When you use a bird to write with, it's called tweeting. (laughs) I know, not every day you get a chance to meet your hero.
Nessa: You are not my hero. And I'm not here so you can sign my oar. I'm here because you stole the heart of Te Fiti and you will board my boat, sail across the sea, and put it back.
Maui: Yeah... It almost sounds like you don't like me, which is impossible because I got stuck here for a thousand years, trying to get the heart as a gift for you mortals so you could have the power to create life itself. Yeah. So what I believe you were trying to say is thank you.
Nessa: Thank you?
Maui: You're welcome.
Nessa: Wait, no, no, no. I-I didn't... I wasn't... why would I ever say...
Maui:   Okay, okay / I see what's happening here / You're face-to-face with greatness and it's strange / You don't even know how you feel, It's adorable! / Well it's nice to see that humans never change / Open your eyes, let's begin / Yes it's really me, It's Maui! Breathe it in / I know it's a lot, the hair, the bod! / When you're staring at a demigod / What can I say except "You're welcome" / For the tides, the sun, the sky / Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome / I'm just an ordinary demi-guy! / Hey, what has two thumbs and pulled up the sky / while you were waddling yay high? / This guy! / When the nights got cold, who stole you fire from down below? / You're looking at him, yo! / Oh, also I lassoed the sun / You're welcome / To stretch your days and bring you fun / Also, I harnessed the breeze / You're welcome / To fill your sails and shake your trees / So what can I say except you're welcome? / For the islands I pulled from the sea / There's no need to pray, it's okay, you're welcome / I guess it's just my way of being me / You're welcome, you're welcome / Well, come to think of it / Kid, honestly I can go on and on / I can explain every natural phenomenon / The tide, the grass, the ground / Oh, that was Maui just messing around / I killed an eel, I buried its guts / Sprouted a tree, now you've got coconuts / What's the lesson? What is the takeaway? / Don't mess with Maui when he's on the breakaway / And the tapestry here on my skin / Is a map of the victories I win / Look where I've been, I make everything happen / Look at that mean mini Maui just tippity tappin' / Well anyway, let me say you're welcome! / For the wonderful world you know / Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome! / Well, come to think of it, I gotta go / Hey, it's your day to say you're welcome! / 'Cause I'm gonna need that boat / I'm sailing away, away, you're welcome! / 'Cause Maui can do anything but float / You're welcome, you're welcome   And thank you!
Nessa: Hey, let me out! You lying slimy son of a...
Maui: Mm... Mmm. You're welcome. No... I'm not going to Te Fiti with some kid. I'm going to get my hook. You have yours, and I'm not Maui without mine. Okay, talk to the back. Boat snack. Oh, no, no, no. Don't look at me like that. It's a beautiful cave, she's gonna love it. And I'm going to love you. In my belly. Now, let's fatten you up, drumstick. I can watch that all day. Okay, enjoy the island. Maui... Out!
Nessa: No. Stop ! Hey, you have to put back the heart!
Maui: Did... not see that coming.
Nessa: I am Nessa of Motunui. This is my canoe. And you will journey to aahh...
Maui: Alright, get over it. We gotta move. And she's back.
Nessa: I am Nessa of Motun..uiiii....
Maui: It was Nessa, right?
Nessa: Yes. And you will restore the heart--
Maui: Alright, I'm out. Ahh, come on!
Nessa: What is your problem? Are you afraid of it ?
Maui: No. No, Ha..ha..ha. I'm not afraid. Stay out of it or you're sleeping in my armpit. You stop it. That is not a heart. It is a curse. The second I took it, I got blasted out of the sky. And I lost my hook. Get it away from me.
Nessa: Get this away?
Maui: Hah .. hey .. hey... I'm a Demigod, okay? Stop that, I will smite you. You wanna get... smote? Smoten? Listen, that thing doesn't give you power to create life. It's a homing beacon of death. If you don't put it away, bad things will come for it.
Nessa: Come for this? The heart? You mean this heart right here... Come and get it!
Maui: You are gonna get us killed!
Nessa: No, I am gonna get us to Te Fiti. So you can put it back. Thank you. "You're welcome!"
Maui: Kakamora...
Nessa: Kaka... what?
Maui: Murdering little pirates. Wonder what they're here for?
Nessa: They're... kind of cute. Ocean, do something, help us!
Maui: The ocean doesn't help you. You help yourself. Tighten the halyard, bind the stays! ...you can't sail?!
Nessa: I... I am self-taught? Can't you shapeshift or something?
Maui: You see my hook? No magic hook. No magic powers.
Nessa: Their boat... is turning into more boats! Yup. I just did that. No, no, no, no. Hei-hei. Maui. They took the heart.
Maui: That's a chicken.
Nessa: The heart is in the... We have to get it back. Maui! There. Right there! You're turning? What are you doing?
Maui: Uh, escaping?
Nessa: The heart!
Maui: Forget it, you'll never get it back. Besides, you got a better one. Hey... What am I gonna steer with? They're just gonna kill ya!
Nessa: Coconuts. Hah... Got it. Oo... Oohh... Hey. Yeah... We did it!
Maui: Congratulations on not being dead, curly. You surprised me. But I'm still not taking that thing back. You wanna get to Te Fiti, you have to go through a whole ocean of bad. Not to mention Te Ka. Lava monster? Ever defeat a lava monster?
Nessa: No. Have you?
Maui: I'm not going on a suicide mission with some... mortal. You can't restore the heart without me. And me says no. I'm getting my hook. End of discussion.
Nessa: You'll be a hero. That's what you're about, right?
Maui: Little girl... I am a hero.
Nessa: Maybe you were, but now... Now you're just the guy who stole the heart of Te Fiti. The guy who cursed the world. You're no one's hero.
Maui: Pfft... No one.
Nessa: But, put this back. Save the world. You'd be everyone's hero. Maui... Maui... Maui... You're so amaziiiiing!
Maui: Ah, we'd never make it without my hook. Not past Te Ka.
Nessa: Then we get your hook. We get your hook, take out Te Ka. Restore the heart. Unless you don't wanna be... "Maui, Demigod of the Wind and Sea, Hero to... all."
Maui: First, we get my hook.
Nessa: Then save the world. Deal?
Maui: Deal. Worth a shot. Okay, we go east to the Lair of Tamatoa. If anyone has my hook, it's that beady-eyed bottomfeeder.
Nessa: Teach me to sail. My job is to deliver Maui across the great ocean. I should... I should be sailing.
Maui: It's called wayfinding, Princess. It's not just sails and knots. It's seeing where you're going in your mind... Knowing where you are... by knowing where you've been.
Nessa: Okay, first... I'm not a princess. I'm the daughter of the chief.
Maui: Same difference.
Nessa: No.
Maui: If you wear a dress, and you have an animal sidekick... you're a princess. You're not a wayfinder. You'll never be a wayfinder. You will never be a wayf-- Really? Blowdart in my buttcheek. You are a bad person.
Nessa: If you can talk, you can teach. Wayfinding. Lesson one... hit it.
Maui: Pull the sheets. Not the sheets. No. No. No. No. Tried that one already. You're measuring the stars, not giving the sky a high-five. If the current's warm, you're going the right way.
Nessa: It's cold. Wait, it's getting warmer. Augh, that's disgusting! What's wrong with you? Black cloud... We're here. See, I told you I could do it. Motunui...? I'm... home?
Chief Tui: Nessa...
Nessa: Dad...?
Sina: Nessa...
Nessa: Mom...?
Chief Tui: Help!
Nessa: No!
Chief Tui: Nessa!
Maui: Enjoy your beauty rest? You know, a real wayfinder never sleeps. So they actually get where they need to go. Muscle up, butter cup. We're here.
Nessa: You sure this guy's gonna have your hook.
Maui: Tamatoa... oh he'll have it. He's a scavenger. Collects stuff, things that looks cool. And for Tamatoa, trust me, my hook is the coolest collectible.
Nessa: And he lives up there?
Maui: Oh, ho, no, no, no... That's just the entrance... to Lalotai.
Nessa: Lalotai ? Realm of Monsters. We're going to the Realm of Monsters.
Maui: We? No. Me. You are gonna stay here with the other chicken. That's what I'm talking about, give me some... Come on, that was a good one, how'd you not get it? I called her chicken, there's a chicken on the boat. I know she's human, but that's not... You know... forget it. Forget it, I'm not explaining it to you. What? 'Cause then it's not funny. So... Daughter of the chief. I thought you stayed in the village. You know, kissing babies and things. Hey, I'm just trying to understand why your people decided to send, uh... How do I phrase this... You.
Nessa: My people... didn't send me. The ocean did.
Maui: The ocean... Makes sense, you're what, eight? Can't sail? Obvious choice.
Nessa: It chose me... for a reason.
Maui: If the ocean's so smart, why didn't it just take the heart back to Te Fiti itself? Or bring me my hook. The ocean straight up pooky dooks. But I'm sure it's not wrong about you. You're the chosen one.
Nessa: The ocean chose you for a reason.
Maui: If you start singing, I'm gonna throw up.
Nessa: So... not seeing an entrance.
Maui: Yes, because it only appears after a human sacrifice. Kidding! Ha, ha, ha... So serious. Don't worry, it's a lot farther down than it looks. Chee-hoo! I am still falling!
Nessa: You can do this... Go.
Maui: And he sticks the landing! What? Dumb-dumb, she's not even here. No mortal's gonna jump into the realm of mon... Well... She's dead. Okay, let's get my hook.
Nessa: Maui's fishhook.
Maui: Yeah....
Nessa: Sorry. I thought you were a monster, but... I found your hook and you're right... This Tamatoa really likes treasure.
Maui: Stay.
Nessa: What? No! I'm... I'm the one who...
Maui: Listen. For a thousand years, I've only been thinking about keeping this hair silky, getting my hook, and being awesome again. And it's not getting screwed up by a mortal. Who has no business inside of a monster cave except... Except...Maybe as bait.
Nessa: *sigh* Wow, the shiny glittering cave. And just like me, it's covered in sparkling treasure. Sparkle ... Sparkle. Sparkle.
Maui: You're not selling it.
Nessa:This is stupid, I'm just gonna walk up there.
Maui: *whisper* You go out there, he will kill you. Just stick to the plan. Oh! When he shows up, keep him distracted. Make him talk about himself. He loves bragging about how awesome he is.
Nessa: Well, you two must get along perfectly.
Maui:Well not since I ripped his leg off.
Nessa: Wait, you did what!?
Tamatoa: Huhuhuhuuu...What have we here? It's a sparkly, shiny -wait a minute...It's a human! What are you doing down here in the realms of the monst- Just pick an eye, babe. I can't- I can't concentrate on what I saying if you keep -Yep, pick one! pick one! You're a funny looking little thing, aren't you? Oooh what's this?
Nessa: Don't, it's my grandma's!
Tamatoa *mockingly* It's my grandma's. I ate my grandma!!! And it took a week because she was absolutely humongous. Why are you here?
Nessa: Cause you're amazing! And we mortals have heard...the tales about the crab....who became a legend. And I got to know. How did you get so crab...ulous?
Tamatoa: Are you just trying to get me to talk about myself? Because if you are ...I will gladly do so!! In song form!   Well, Tamatoa hasn't always been this glam/I was a drab little crab once../Now I know, I can be happy as a clam/Because I'm beautiful, baby./Did your granny say "listen to your heart"/Be who you are on the inside/I need three words to tear her argument apart/Your granny lied/I'd rather be shiny like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck/Scrub the deck and make it look shiny/I will sparkle like a wealthy woman's neck/Just a sec, don't you know?/Fish are dumb, dumb, dumb/They chase anything that glitters/Beginners/Oh, and here they come, come, come/To the brightest thing that glitters/Mmm, fish dinners/I just love free food/You look like seafood  
Nessa: No !
Maui:Hey! Crab cakes. I'm back. It's Maui time.
Tamatoa: *gasp*
Maui: What do you say, little buddy. Giant hawk? Coming up...Cheehoo!!! Cheehooooo....?
Tamatoa:  Well, well, well... Little Maui's having trouble with his look/You little semi-demi-mini-god/Ouch! What a terrible performance/Get the hook ! ( Get it ? )/You don't swing it like you used to, man/Yet I have to give you credit for my start/And your tattoos on the outside/For just like you, I made myself a work of art/I never hide, I can't/I'm too shiny/Watch me dazzle like a diamond in the rough/Strut my stuff, my stuff is so shiny/Send your armies but they'll never be enough/My shell's too tough, Maui man/You could try, try, try.../But you can't expect a demigod to beat a decapod/Look it up/You will die, die, die/Now it's time for me to take apart/Your aching heart/Far from the worms who abandoned you/Chasing the love of these humans/Who made you feel wanted/You try to be tough/But your armor's just not hard enough/Maui! Now it's time to kick your hiney/Ever seen someone so shiny?/Soak it in cause it's the last you'll ever see/C'est la vie mon ami, I'm so shiny/Now I'll eat you so prepare your final plea/Just for me/You'll never be quite as shiny/You wish you were nice and shiny  
Nessa: Hey! I got something shiny for ya.
Tamatoa: The heart of Te Fiti. You can't run from me! Oh, you can...You keep surprising me. There's only so far you can get on those two little legs. Hahahaaa. The power of creation...for the crustacean. Where is it? Where is it?
Nessa: We gotta go.
Maui: Wait, what about the heart?
Nessa:He can have it! I've got a better one.
Tamatoa: Hahahahaaa Yes! I have the ... Wait a minute... Ugh!! I see, she's taken a barnacle and she's covered it in bioluminescent algae...as a diversion. Grrr!!! Come back here!!! Raaaaahh!!! Oof!! Ugh!! Huh?
Nessa: Yahooooo!!!
Tamatoa: Hey! Hey!!...Did you like the song?
Nessa: We're alive! We're ali-- ahh!
Maui: Listen. I appreciate what you did down there.
Nessa: Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Mmhmm.
Maui: Took guts. But... I'm sorry. I'm tryin' to be sincere for once, and it feels like you're distracted.
Nessa: No! No, no way.
Maui: Really. 'Cause you're looking at me like I have a ... shark head.
Nessa: Whaaaaat? Do you have a shark head, cause I...
Maui: Look. The point is... For a little girl... child... thing... whatever... who had no business being down there... You did me a solid. But you also almost died. And I couldn't even beat the dumb crab. So chances of beating Te Ka: bupkis. We're never making it to Te Fiti. This mission is cursed.
Nessa: It's not cursed.
Maui: Shark head.
Nessa: It's not... cursed.
Maui: Cursed. What can I say, except we're dead soon... We're dead soon...
Nessa: Can't you at least try?
Maui: ...Giant. Hawk. Hey! It's okay... it's okay... We're dead soon...
Nessa: Alright, break time is over. Get up.
Maui: Why? You gonna give me a speech? Tell me I could beat Te Ka cause I'm ..."Maui". Take a hike, tiny.
Nessa: How do you get your tattoos?
Maui: They show up when I earn them.
Nessa: How did you earn that one? What's that for?
Maui: That's, uh, man's discovery of Nunya.
Nessa: What's Nunya?
Maui: Nunya business.
Nessa: I'll just keep asking. What's it for?
Maui: You need to stop doing that. Back off.
Nessa: Just tell me what it is!
Maui: I said back off.
Nessa: Is that why your hook's not working? You don't wanna talk? Don't talk. You wanna throw me off the boat? Throw me off. You wanna tell me I don't know what I'm doing? I know I don't. I have no idea why the ocean chose me. You're right. But... my island is dying. So I am here. It's just me and you. And I want to help. But I can't if you don't let me.
Maui: I wasn't born a demigod. I had human parents. They... They took one look and decided they... did not want me. They threw me into the sea... like I was nothing. Somehow I was found by the gods. They gave me the hook. They made me... Maui. And back to the humans I went. I gave them islands, fire, coconuts. Anything they could ever want.
Nessa: You took the heart for them. You did... everything for them. So they would love you.
Maui: It was... never enough.
Nessa: Maybe the gods found you for a reason. Maybe the ocean brought you to them because it saw someone who was worthy of being saved. But the gods aren't the ones who made you Maui. You are.
Maui: Okay, okay. I... I love you too, buddy. Yeah! Next stop, Te Fiti.
Nessa: What?
Maui: I figured it out. You know the ocean used to love when I pulled up islands. 'Cause your ancestors would sail the seas and find them. All those new islands, new villages... It was the water that connected them all. And if I were the ocean, I think I'd be looking for, a... curly haired... non-princess... to start that again.
Nessa: That is literally the nicest thing you've ever said to me. Probably should've saved that for Te Fiti.
Maui: I did. Nessa of Motunui. I believe you have officially delivered Maui across the great sea. Nessa, Nessa, Nessa... You're so amaziiiiing!
Nessa: It's time. Go, save the world. Maui...
Maui: What... What are you doing ?
Nessa: Finding you a better way in!
Maui: We won't make it!
Nessa: Yes, we will!
Maui: Turn around!
Nessa: No!
Maui: Nessa, stop!
Nessa: No! Are you okay? Maui?
Maui: I told you to turn back.
Nessa: I thought we could make it.
Maui: We?
Nessa: I thought... I could make it. We can fix it.
Maui: It was made by the gods. You can't FIX it.
Nessa: Next time we'll be more careful. Te Ka was stuck on the barrier island. It's lava. It can't go in the water. We can find a way around.
Maui: I'm not going back.
Nessa: What... We still have to restore the heart.
Maui: My hook is cracked. One more hit and it's over.
Nessa: Maui, you have to restore the heart.
Maui: Without my hook, I am nothing.
Nessa: That's not true.
Maui: Without my hook, I am nothing!
Nessa: We are only here because you stole the heart in the first place.
Maui: No, we're here because the ocean told you you're special and you believed it.
Nessa: I am Nessa of Motunui. You will board my boat--
Maui: Goodbye, Nessa.
Nessa: --Sail across the sea--
Maui: I'm not killing myself so you can prove you're something you're not.
Nessa: I must restore the heart of Te Fiti. The ocean chose me.
Maui: It chose wrong.
Nessa: Maui! Why did you bring me here? I'm not the right person. You have to choose someone else. Choose someone else. Please.
Gramma Tala: You are a long ways past the reef.
Nessa: Grandma.
Gramma Tala: Guess I chose the right tattoo.
Nessa: Grandma! I tried, grandma. I... I couldn't do it.
Gramma Tala: It's not your fault. I never should have put so much on your shoulders. If you're ready to go home, I will be with you. Why do you hesitate?
Nessa: I don't know.
Gramma Tala:   I know a girl from an island / She stands apart from the crowd / She loves the sea and her people / She makes her whole family proud / Sometimes the world seems against you / The journey may leave a scar / But scars can heal and reveal just where you are / The people you love will change you / The things you have learned will guide you / And nothing on earth can silence / the quiet voice still inside you / And when that voice starts to whisper / Nessa, you've come so far / Nessa listen / Do you know who you are?  
Nessa:   Who am I? / I am a girl who loves my island / I'm a girl who loves the sea / It calls me... / I am the daughter of the village chief / We are descended from voyagers / Who found their way across the world / They call me ... / I've delivered us to where we are / I have journeyed farther / I am everything I've learned and more / Still it calls me / And the call isn't out there at all / It's inside me / It's like the tide always / falling and raising / I will carry you here in my heart / You remind me / That come what may / I know the way / I AM MOANA!   I am Nessa of Motunui. Aboard my boat, I will sail across the sea and restore the heart of Te Fiti. The follow us under water. We'll make it past the barrier island. We'll make it to Te Fiti. None of which you understand, because you are a chicken. No! Hei-hei. No, no, no, no, no...
 Te Fiti... Maui! You came back. But your hook. One more hit, and...
Maui: Te Ka's gotta catch me first. I've got your back, chosen one. Go, save the world.
Nessa: Maui. Thank you.
Maui: You're welcome. Hey... Te Ka! Shark head! Nessa! Get the heart to the spiral!
Nessa: Te Fiti. It's gone. TE-KA!! Let her come to me.   I have crossed the horizon / to find you / I know your name / they have stolen your heart / from inside you / But this... does not define you / This is not who you are / You know who you are... / Who you truly are   Te Fiti.
Maui: The chicken lives!
Nessa: I'm sorry about your hook.
Maui: Well... hook. No hook. I'm Maui. Te Fiti! How you've been? Look, what I did was... wrong. I have no excuse. I'm sorry.
Nessa: You know, it would be rude to reject a gift from a Goddess.
Maui: Thank you. Your kindness is deeply appreciated. Chee-hoo! Gonna miss you, drumstick.
Nessa: You can come with us, you know. My people are going to need a... master wayfinder.
Maui: They already have one.
Nessa: See you out there, Maui.
Maui: See you out there, Nessa... Chee-hoo!
Nessa: Mom... Dad...
Chief Tui: Nessa!
Nessa: I may have gone a little ways past the reef.
Chief Tui: It suits you.
Matai:   Aue, Aue... We set a course to find... A brand new island everywhere we roam. Aue, Aue... We keep our island in our mind. And when it's time find home, We know the way... We are explorers reading every sign. We tell the story... About our elders in a never ending chain. Te Fenua, te Malie. Nae ko hakilia. We know the way...  

Tamatoa: Shiny, I'm so shiny... Didn't help me though, did it? Still upside down here, just need a little push. Can we be real? If my name were Sebastian and I had a cool Jamaican accent, you'd totally help me. You would, you know you would.



Maui: You help yourself.

Tighten the halyard. Bind the stays!

You can't sail ?

Nessa: I, uh... I am self-taught!? 

Can't you shift shape or something!

Maui: Do you see my hook? No magic hook, no magic powers. 

Nessa:Their boat ... is turning into more boats.

Yup. I just did that.

No, no, no, no. Hei-hei!

Maui, they took the heart...

Maui: That's a chicken.

Nessa:The heart is in the... Augh! We have to get it back.

Mauiii.... There. Right there!

You're turning? What are you doing?

Maui: Uh, escaping!

Nessa:The heart--

Maui: Forget it, you're never get it back. Besides, you've got a better one. Hey...

What am I gonna steer with? They're just gonna kill you.

Nessa: Coconuts. Hah... Got it. Oo... got it! Oohh... Hey. Yeah, we did it!

Maui: Congratulations, on not being dead, curly.

Act 1

Anders: I keep thinking I know you from somewhere...
Isabela: You're Fereldan, right? Ever spend time at the Pearl?
Anders: That's it!
Anders: You used to really like that girl with the griffin tattoos, right? What was her name?
Isabela: The Lay Warden?
Anders: That's right! I think you were there the night I—
Isabela: Oh! Were you the runaway mage who could do that electricity thing? That was nice...
Nessa: Please stop talking. Now.

  

During The Long Road. Isabela must be in the party when you speak to Aveline after posting the duty roster, and choose, "You've been alone this long?"

Nessa: So you've been by yourself since we came to Kirkwall?
Isabela: Wait, you've gone four years without? You must creak like a rusty hinge.
Aveline: Many people have their lives because of me.
Isabela: But poor you, no life of your own.
Aveline: We both place others above ourselves. I happen to do it clothed.

(Isabela approaches Aveline)

Isabela: You're splitting hairs, but wishing someone would split yours.
Aveline: I've had enough of your loose lips. Like many, I'm sure.

(they get in each other's face)

Isabela: Oh, touché. Prig!
Aveline: Slattern!

(Nessa steps in)

Nessa: If I might put this back on track.

  

Isabela: So, Donnic was in the Rose.
Aveline: He was not!
Isabela: Easy, big girl. He wasn't shopping for himself. You're lucky to have a man who wants to please you.
Isabela: But, maybe you could indulge him more. Are there areas of intimacy you haven't explored?
Aveline: Why? Why do you give me these doubts!
Isabela: Aveline. If you shove your thumb up his ass, I win.

The last line depends on who else is in the party:

Anders: Just... no.
Fenris: (laughs)
Merrill: Ew!
Varric: Ah, that old chestnut.
Sebastian: Ugh. Maker.
Nessa: (Coughs)

  

During Champions and Captains, and you choose "How was the honeymoon?"

Nessa: You never said how your three weeks in Orlais went.
Aveline: You're right. I didn't.
Isabela: Ohh. Shivery.

  

If Nessa hasn't accepted Isabela's love yet

Merrill: I think Nessa likes you, Isabela.
Isabela: You think so, do you?
Merrill: S/he looks at you all the time, and then s/he looks embarrassed and pretends s/he's busy with something else.
Nessa: I can hear you, you know.
Merrill: (Giggles) See?
Isabela: Hmm. I'll have to think about that...

  

Varric: I shit you not, Rivaini, it was this big.
Isabela: There's no way. Impossible! I've had hundreds of those in my hands, and they're never that size.
Varric: Would I lie about something so critical?

Next line is dependent on third party member

Anders: I can't stand it anymore—what are you two talking about?
Aveline: I'm afraid to ask, but... what are you two going on about?
Carver: What is wrong with you two? Can't you ever have a conversation that isn't dirty?
Nessa: What are you two talking about?
Varric: We're discussing knives, of course. Well, daggers, technically. I never remember the difference.
Varric: Why? What did you think we were talking about?

  

Zevran: My dear Isabela, it has been a delight to see you again. You travel in fine company.
Isabela: That's it? You're leaving? What about sex?

If in a romance with Isabela

Zevran: *laughs* Still blunt as a dwarven hammer, hmmm? Well, why not!
Nessa: Um, hello? I'm standing right here.
Isabela: What? You can come too.
Zevran: Indeed! The more the merrier!
Nessa: Let's find someplace quieter.

If not in a romance with Isabela

Zevran: Ah, Isabela. I did so miss you.
Isabela: That's because you're a piss-poor shot. Thankfully, you have other uses.

The last line depends on party members:

Aveline: I think I just threw up a little in my mouth.
Merrill: Ew.
Anders: Ha!
Fenris: Are we sure he was part of a guild of assassins?
Varric: That girl has curious standards.

Nessa/Aveline/Companion

When talking to Aveline during A Friend in the Guard and ask, "Do you miss being a soldier?"

Nessa: This must be a very different pace from serving King Cailan.
Aveline: It's just one more change, though. The real end for me was Ostagar.
Aveline: What about you Carver? You were there. Do you feel something similar?
Carver: No.
Aveline: All right, then.
Aveline: Bit of a tit, your brother.

  

During The Long Road (Note: Fenris's dialogue contributions will be trumped by those of Isabela and Varric)
In Aveline's office, part 3

Aveline: (Sighs) All right, I can fix this. I need... I need three goats and a sheaf of wheat. You'll take them to his mother. (To Nessa)

Nessa raises a very perplexed eyebrow.

Aveline: It's a dowry tradition. Maybe it will smooth the process.
Fenris: A dowry? Then... this isn't about accusations.
Aveline: No, it's not.
Fenris: She's courting the man. With a fear reserved for dragons.

Part of same conversation, when Nessa asks about Aveline's difficulty with expressing her affections.

(Romancing Fenris) Aveline: What about you and Fenris? How do you deal with the danger of your lives?
(Romancing Anders) Aveline: What about you and Anders? He’s all but cursed. How do you live with that danger?
(Romancing Merrill) Aveline: What about you and Merrill? She’s all but daring the Fade to take her. How do you live with that danger?
(Romancing Isabela) Aveline: What about you and Isabela? I know she doesn’t have two thoughts to rub together, but the danger of your lives must worry you.
Nessa: Maybe we're not the best example.

Ending part of same conversation, when Nessa decides to continue helping Aveline but asks her what she wants to do instead of providing a direct solution

Aveline: I'm the captain. He's my guardsman. I can't get past that.
Fenris: If the existing relationship prevents a new one, go somewhere you are equal.
Aveline: What, just... go out somewhere? Like it's that easy?

...Which eventually leads to another scene in the Hanged Man, after Aveline's unsuccessful "date", as interjection between Nessa's lines:

Fenris: Again, she deflects.
Aveline: I will not risk...
Fenris: You're squandering something you don't understand.
Nessa: You can't ignore advice from such a stable source. (no sarcasm intended)

Nessa/Fenris/Companion

If Nessa romanced Fenris and with Fenris in the party

Anders: I know it isn't my place to criticize, but...
Anders: Are you sure about Fenris?
Anders: He seems less a man to me than a wild dog.
Nessa: You just don't know him.
Anders: I know as much as I'm ever likely to.
Fenris: That's right, mage.
Anders: He has let one bad experience color his whole world. Surely you want someone more open-minded?
Fenris: A mage and a hypocrite. What company you keep.

  

Carver: You know, Fenris, I have a tattoo.
Fenris: You have a what?
Carver: A tattoo. A lot of us got them before Ostagar. It's a Mabari. For strength.
Fenris: Does it curse you with the ability to reach into a man and tear out his insides?
Carver: Uh. I can make it bark.
Fenris: Please don't.

(Next line depends on the third companion present)

Anders: Yes, refrain.
Aveline: Agreed.
Isabela: Rather see it wag.
Merrill: That's... ew.
Varric: Seconded.
Nessa: (Sighs)

Nessa & Companion Dialogue
Nessa and Anders

Act 1 During Tranquility

Anders: "I have made this place a sanctum of healing and salvation! Why do you threaten it?"

(if you choose the Diplomatic choice: "I mean no harm.")

Nessa: "I'm just here to talk."
Varric (if in the party): "We're interested in getting into the Deep Roads. Rumor has it you use to be with the Grey Wardens.

(Alternatively, if you choose the Humorous choice: "Are you the Grey Warden?")

Nessa: "Strange occupation for a Warden. Aren't you more about taint and death, not healing and salvation?"

(Alternatively, if you choose the Blunt choice: "I'm just here for information.")

Nessa: "I want to know about the Deep Roads."

(regardless, the conversation continues as follows)

Anders: "Did the Wardens send you to bring me back? I'm not going. Those bastards made me give up my cat."
Anders: "Poor Ser Pounce-a-lot. He hated the Deep Roads."

(if you ask "Ser Pounce-a-lot?")

Nessa: "You had a cat named Ser Pounce-a-lot? In the Deep Roads?"
Anders: "He was a gift. A noble beast."
Anders: "Almost got ripped in half by a genlock once. He swatted the bugger on the nose. Drew blood, too."
Anders: "The blighted Warden said he "made me too soft." I had to give him to a friend in Amaranthine."

(if you ask "What are you doing here?")

Nessa: "So you came to Kirkwall just to escape the Wardens?"
Anders: "You say that like it's a small thing."
Anders: "Yes, I'm here because there's no Warden outpost, no darkspawn, and a whole host of refugees to blend in with."
Anders: "And some reasons of my own."

(if you ask "Can people leave the Wardens?")

Nessa: "I've always heard that joining the Wardens was for life."
Anders: "That's only partly true. The "hopelessly tainted by the darkspawn" and "plagued by nightmares about the Archdemon" parts...don't go away."
Anders: "But it turns out if you hide well, you don't have to wear the uniform or go to the parties."

(if you choose "I want your help.")

Nessa: "I'm part of an expedition into the Deep Roads. Any information you have could save people's lives."
Anders: "I will die a happy man if I never have to think about the blighted Deep Roads again. I'm not about to-"

(Alternatively, if you choose "Let me buy your information")

Nessa: "I'm part of an expedition into the Deep Roads, and I'm willing to pay for an entrance."
Anders: "Hmph. If I wanted money, I've been going about it all wrong. You can't imagine what I've gone through to get here. I'm not about to-"

(Alternatively, if you choose "Tell me or else.")

Nessa: "I need to know how to get into the Deep Roads and you can tell me, willing or not."
Anders: "Don't threaten me, boy/little girl."
Anders: "You can't imagine what I've gone through to get here. I'm not about to-"

(regardless, the conversation will continue as follows)

Anders: "Although...a favor for a favor. Does that sound like a fair deal? You help me, I'll help you?"

(if you choose the Generous choice: "Yes")

Nessa: "Help my expedition reach the Deep Roads and I'll do whatever you need."
Anders: "You don't ask for my terms?...What if I were asking for the Knight-Commander's head on a spike?"
Nessa: "Is that what you ask?"
Anders: "You decide."

(Alternatively, if you choose the Humorous choice: "What's the favor?")

Nessa: "Let's be more specific. I don't do anything involving children or animals."

'(Alternatively, if you choose the Aggressive choice: "Forget it.")

Nessa: "We'll get to Deep Roads ourselves."
Anders: "...Wait!"

(regardless, the conversation will continue as follows)

Anders: "I have a Warden's map of the depths in this area. But there's a price."
Anders: "I came to Kirkwall to aid a friend. A mage; a prisoner in the wretched Gallows."
Anders: "The templars learned of my plans to free him. Help me bring him safely past them, and you shall have your maps."

(if you ask "Who is this mage?")

Nessa: "Tell me about your friend."
Anders: "...His name is Karl Thekla. He was sent here from Ferelden when Kirkwall's Circle required new talent. His last letter said the Knight-Commander was turning the Circle into a prison."
Anders: "Mages are locked in their cells, refused appearances at court, made Tranquil for the slightest crimes. I told him I would come."

(if you ask "The Circle, a prison?")

Nessa: "Are these accusations true?"
Anders: "Ask any mage in Kirkwall. Over a dozen were made Tranquil just this year."
Anders: "The more people you ask, the worse the rumors become."

(if you ask "How did the templars find out?")

Nessa: "What do the templars now of your plans?"
Anders: "I don't know. I had been exchanging letters with Karl through a maidservant in the Gallows."
Anders: "Then the letters...stopped coming."

(if you ask "What is your plan?")

Nessa: "How are you planning on breaking him out of the Gallows?"
Anders: "I'm hoping it won't come to that. I sent Karl a message to meet me in the Chantry tonight. Maker willing, he'll be there, alone."
Anders: "But if there are templars with him, I swear, I'll free him from them. Whatever the cost."

(if you choose the Generous choice: "I will help.")

Nessa: "You've convinced me. What's your plan?"

(Alternatively, if you choose the Humorous choice: "You want me to fight templars?")

Nessa: "Oh, that's all? I think I'd rather take my chances with the darkspawn."

(Alternatively, if you choose the Aggressive choice: "Show me the maps.")

Nessa: "I will not make a deal without a sight seen."
Anders: "It's all right here. But you don't get a page of it till Karl walks free."

(regardless, the conversation will continue with a variation of the following)

Anders: "I welcome your aid. I've already sent word for Karl to meet me in the Chantry tonight."
Anders: "Meet me there and, regardless of who is there with him, we all walk away free."

Nessa and Aveline

During Blackpowder Courtesy, when you visit the Side Alley

Aveline: He's a good man. Trust that it's as bad as he says.
Nessa: How about we skip this one? Send your man instead? (Sarcastic Nessa)
Aveline: How about I shove a canary up your coal mine? Let's go.

  

During Questioning Beliefs, after The Long Road, and choose, "You need my good humor"

Nessa: You don't want me as sour and dour as you. You need a counterpoint.
Aveline: I don't think I've asked to be the butt of your jokes.
Nessa: Donnic.

(pause)

Aveline: Okay, sometimes I have asked for it.

Nessa and Bethany

During the quest The First Sacrifice, when saying you're interested in Jethann's services)

Bethany: Maker's breath! Can't you... do this when I'm not around?
Nessa: Run along and play, Bethany.
Bethany: This is not why we came to Kirkwall!

When saying you're interested in Jethann's services, but refuse after Bethany's complaint

Nessa: Fine. I'll do this some other day.
Bethany: It's too late. The images are already in my mind and they will never, ever go away.

  

When giving the bones you found during The First Sacrifice to Emeric

Nessa: Recognize your mage?
Bethany: You're horrible!

Nessa and Fenris

Act 2
If Carver was lost in the Deep Roads

Fenris: Your brother seemed a fine young man. I am sorry for his loss.

After All That Remains

Fenris: I cannot imagine what it must be like to lose your family. Anything I could say would be insufficient. I'm sorry.

  

Inside the Nessa Estate, only if Dog is present. (This conversation was not enabled until patch 1.03. Best triggered before activating romance with Fenris.)

Fenris: A fascinating breed. Such intelligence and strength.
Fenris: Do you ever wonder what he thinks about?
Nessa:

(Diplomatic) I'm not always sure I want to know.
(Humorous) He still thinks about dog things. Just with more clarity.
(Aggressive) Slaying his enemies, just like he's been bred to do.

Fenris: Are you aware that this breed originated in Tevinter?
Fenris: The magisters bred them. It's said the mabari defected during the Imperium's invasion of Ferelden.
Fenris: Merely a tale, but I rather like the idea they found the barbarians more... palatable than the mages.
Dog: (Happy bark!)
Fenris: Exactly so.
Fenris: Let's hope your hound doesn't take after his ancestors too strongly, hmm? 

  

During Offered and Lost

Fenris: So, on the word of a drunk, we intend to accuse the grand cleric of funding zealots?
Nessa: It's a careful chat about missing Qunari.
Fenris: Freedom was interesting while it lasted.

Nessa and Isabela

During Fools Rush In

Nessa: "Stab first, ask questions later?"
Isabela: "Trust me, it's better this way."

  

Act 3 During No Rest for the Wicked
Beginning of quest, while talking about how to fool Velasco

Nessa: "You haven't exactly thought this out, have you?"
Isabela: "I haven't exactly worked out all of the kinks. Step one, we find Castillon... step two, I don't know. Something exciting happens. Step three, profit. Any questions?" (Possibly a reference to the South Park episode, "Gnomes")

In the Blooming Rose, before pretending to hand Isabela over to trick Velasco

Isabela: Now, this needs to be convincing. And you'll need to get creative—call me names, even hit me.
Isabela: Stick with it, no matter what I do. Velasco's a clever son of a bitch. If you waver, he'll notice.

(Diplomatic choice) I'm not sure about this.

Nessa: I don't know if I can pull this off.
Isabela: Come on, haven't you ever wanted to slap me? Just a little?

If other party members present

Aveline: Absolutely.
Fenris: Yes.
Anders: Yes.
Varric: Yes.
Merrill: Yes... wait, what are we voting on?
Sebastian: Is that a trick question?
Isabela: I wasn't asking you people!
Varric: Face it. You set yourself up for that one.

OR (Humorous choice) You seem a little eager.

Nessa: I'm worried about you. You're enjoying this a little too much.
Isabela: I am, aren't I? (Giggles)

OR (Aggressive choice) This will be fun.

Nessa: I'll make it convincing, not to worry.
Isabela: Er... now you're making me nervous.

  

If Nessa spent the night with Fenris, speak to her in The Hanged Man

Isabela: Speaking of romance... You and Fenris, eh? That taut, controlled body, brooding demeanor and intense gaze... I hear he still wears the shackles from his life in bondage...under his clothes. You know what they say about men like that, don't you?
Nessa: (Sighs) I'm going to regret asking you to continue, aren't I?
Isabela: He can't find a saw. (Laughs) I had you there! You thought I was going to say something dirty! (Laughs)

OR

Nessa: I haven't seen any shackles. You're just making things up.
Isabela: Oh. But... I had this joke lined up.
Isabela: You're no fun.

OR

Nessa: Keep it to yourself, Isabela.
Isabela: You're no fun.

  

If Nessa romanced Merrill, speak to her in The Hanged Man

Isabela: Speaking of romance...
Isabela: You're interested in Merrill, aren't you?
Nessa: I have feelings for her/I'm that obvious, am I?
Isabela: Well, that's good. She always seemed a little lonely.
Isabela: I get the feeling the girl's messing in something big and dangerous.
Isabela: Look out for her, will you? Make sure she doesn't hurt herself.
Isabela: Oh, and if you do anything nasty to her, I'll cut off your balls. (male Nessa)

  

If Nessa has slept with Isabela and let her take the ship:

Nessa: "So when do I get the grand tour?"
Isabela: "Haven't you already - Oh, you mean the ship."

  

When entering the Blooming Rose for the first time

Isabela: "The difference between whores and courtesans is...well, they have nicer shoes."
Nessa: "I don't think anyone's looking at their shoes."

  

After the events of All That Remains and if you romanced Isabela

Isabela: "I... uh. I feel I should say... something."
Nessa: "I know you're not good at... emotional stuff."
Isabela: "At least your mother loved you. Not everyone can say that."
Nessa: "Mother was all I had left."
Isabela: "You don't really think that, do you?"
Isabela: "Family's not just the people you're related to by blood. There are other people who care about you."
Isabela: "Like... Aveline."

Nessa and Merrill

While Nessa is exploring/looking at things in the estate...

I think Merrill named this falcon sculpture Finnegan. No, wait... that's wrong. Finnegan's on the north face. This one's Messerre Pointy-Face.

"I came in and watered your plants! Your friend, Merrill." Well, that was nice of her.

If in a romance with Merrill:

The only thing Merrill's moved in. Maybe she doesn't feel this is her home yet.

Orana's a patient music teacher, but Merrill should really just stick to magic. (If Orana serves at the estate)

Handprints? Has someone been swinging on the chandelier? Merrill... (If not romancing Merrill, Nessa refers to Sandal)

"I came in and watered your plants! Lots of love, Merrill." That girl's way too nice.

Nessa and Sebastian
Templatetools.png 	This section is incomplete and requires expansion.
Nessa and Varric

Act 2

(At the beginning of the quest Repentance)

Sebastian: I-- Nessa! We were just talking about you.
Nessa: Carry on. I love to eavesdrop.
Varric: "Nessa said sarcastically."

(If the aggressive option was chosen)

Varric: "Nessa said aggressively."

(If the diplomatic option was chosen)

Nessa: "Saying good things, I hope?"
Varric: "Nessa asked diplomatically."

Nessa: You know I hate it when you do that.
Varric: "Nessa muttered in an angry aside to the dwarf..."

  

Act 3 (Inside the Nessa Estate, must have Dog)

Varric: You know, you play diamondback better than my cousin Vidar. (To Dog)
Varric: You wag your tail whenever you have a good hand, though. Might want to watch that.
Dog: (Barks)
Nessa: Is it brilliant or horrible that you play diamondback with my dog? (humorous) / It's a short tail. I'm sure nobody notices. (diplomatic) / He doesn't take well to having his flaws pointed out. (aggressive)
Varric: All I'm saying is, he'd be up more than two sovereigns if he watched his tells.
Varric: My Uncle Emmet has a whole pack of rat terriers who play every week.
Varric: They're a cutthroat bunch. You've got a long way to go to be their quality.
Dog: (Growls)
Varric: Now don't take it bad—you're still better than Anders.
Dog: (Happy bark!)
Varric: Coming to the Hanged Man later?
Dog: (Barks)

Legacy DLC
Nessa and Anders

Anders: One good thing about being trapped in an ancient underground prison... not a lot of templars.
Anders: There's a bright side to everything.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality: )

Nessa: A new base of operations for Kirkwall's mage underground.
Anders: It's got... potential.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: You should set up shop. It's no worse than your current digs.
Anders: Good point.
Nessa: Just wait.
Anders: I could be quite comfortable here actually. Clean the taint off the floor, maybe hang a few pictures. It might even be a step up from Darktown.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: I've never argued against you being in prison.
Anders: Hmm. At least this one was built by mages.

  

Anders: I've tried to forget about this side of myself. Justice is... so strong. Sometimes the Wardens seem insignificant. But seeing that poor bastard brings it all back. The Darkspawn taint. The call of the archdemon. It's inside me, as much a part of me as Justice.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Ooh, baby. Tell me more.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality: )

Nessa: Maybe there's a cure.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Never bothered me before.

(If Anders has moved in)

Anders: You should find someone else, love. You don't want all the ugliness I'm going to bring into your life.

(Or)

Anders: There's a lot of ugliness in my life. You should stay away from me.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality: )

Nessa: I'll... take it under advisement.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Nobody's perfect.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Not a chance.

(If Varric is in the party)

Varric: I gotta hand it to you, Blondie, you make that work every time.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden and not in the party)

Anders: Have you heard from Carver at all?

(Depending on what Act it is)

Nessa: Not a word. I think it hurts my mother the most. She never quite believed me saying that Carver didn't die.

(Or)

Nessa: Are they allowed to write? I thought the Grey Wardens had a thing against friends and family.
Anders: It's not easy, being a Warden. Sometimes it's better to cut all ties with your old life. When I joined, all I wanted was an escape from the Circle. But it's more. It's a calling, it really is. Carver's the kind of man who can find fulfillment in battling the darkspawn. He'll do fine.

  

(If Bethany is a Grey Warden and not in the party)

Anders: Have you heard from Bethany recently?
Nessa: Not a word. I think that hurt mother the most. It would have been nice to get one letter before she died.
Anders: Bethany will find something to be proud of. It suits her more than she thinks.

Nessa and Aveline
Templatetools.png 	This section is incomplete and requires expansion.

Aveline: Who do you suppose Corypheus is? And why would he want your blood?
Nessa: I guess we only get that answer from Corypheus.

  

Aveline: Let's make it quick. We're more use to the city on the surface.
Nessa: I need to see where this goes. You don't agree?
Aveline: To a point. Dead questions aren't worth the living. You'll do what you need to, but these things don't always turn out the way you hope she...they will.

  

Aveline: You never get rid of them. Not completely.
Nessa: We'll give it our best.
Aveline: Many have said the same.

Nessa and Bethany

(In Act 1)

Bethany: I'm worried about mother. All she does is sit in that rathole and think about Carver. It's eating her up.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Well, if she ever left the house, Gamlen would probably steal that too.
Bethany: I don't think even Gamlen could steal something that doesn't belong to him.
Nessa: He would try.
Bethany: I've tried to get mother to look for work, or reconnect with some of her childhood friends. But she went to visit the Comte de Launcet once, and now she refuses to try again. She says it's just "too pathetic."

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Brooding isn't going to bring him back.
Bethany: I've tried to get mother to look for work, or reconnect with some of her childhood friends. But she went to visit the Comte de Launcet once, and now she refuses to try again. She says it's just "too pathetic."

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: How can we help?
Bethany: I've tried to get mother to look for work, or reconnect with some of her childhood friends. But she went to visit the Comte de Launcet once, and now she refuses to try again. She says it's just "too pathetic."

  

(If Bethany is in the Circle and All That Remains has not been completed)

Bethany: Mother seems happier. A few years distance from all that loss... it's a good thing. She must worry, with both of us in a place like this. She was adamant I not go, last time.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: And look what happened.
Bethany: I'd have gone to the Circle eventually. Perhaps not so gently. Better or worse, it is what it is.

(If Bethany joined the Grey Wardens and All That Remains has not been completed)

Bethany: Mother seems happier. A few years distance from all that loss... it's a good thing. She must worry, with both of us in a place like this. She was adamant I not go, last time.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: I don't want to think of it myself.
Bethany: You'd better! I don't want a repeat of the last time! Not that it's possible.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: We'll be careful.
Bethany: She's heard that before, and so have I.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Then don't tell her.
Bethany: After the thought that brought us here? She's not stupid. Just... be careful when it comes up.

  

(If All That Remains has been completed and Bethany is in the Circle)

Bethany: I'm glad mother... well, she didn't need to deal with this. Attacks on both of us... Why couldn't they go after Gamlen?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Good taste?
Bethany: Unlikely given the average shadow-dweller. There are enough in your wake for a reasonably representative study. The templars often question me about what you do, you know.
Nessa: Another reason for me to like them.
Bethany: You had reason to begin with? It doesn't matter. They're just questions, and I've stored quite a bewildering weave of answers.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Might not miss him, but I'd still hunt them down for it.
Bethany: (Laughs) Yes, you've left quite the trail in other matters. The templars often question me about what you do, you know.
Nessa: If they hurt you I'll make them regret it.
Bethany: Templars don't take threats well. It doesn't matter. They're just questions, and I've stored quite a bewildering weave of answers.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I wouldn't wish it even on him.
Bethany: He's earned worse, by some measures. The templars often question me about what you do, you know.
Nessa: Can I help stop that?
Bethany: Their solution would be rather drastic I think. It doesn't matter. They're just questions, and I've stored quite a bewildering weave of answers.

  

(If All That Remains has been completed and Bethany is a Grey Warden)

Bethany: I'm glad mother... well, she didn't need to deal with this. Attacks on both of us... Why couldn't they go after Gamlen?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Good taste?
Bethany: (Laughs) I wish the things lurking in the dark had such a discerning palate. It'd be almost comforting. Understandable. Instead of what I've seen. Thanks to... this life.
Nessa: You'd have less to know about it if you were, you know, dead.
Bethany: Sometimes I wonder.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I wouldn't wish it even on him.
Bethany: No, I suppose not. Attack from the dark, no warning. I see enough of that. Thanks to... this life.
Nessa: I'm sorry. I couldn't lose you, and I did anyway.
Bethany: The way of this world, I think.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Might not miss him, but I'd still hunt them down for it.
Bethany: Mm. I know. Can't have a threat lurking in the dark. I've learned that thrice over. It's not what I would've chosen, this life, but given everything else that we've lost... Well, you do this for a few years, you learn not to take second chances for granted.
Nessa: You'd still rather be dead?
Bethany: I am dead. It's just... taking it's time.

  

(If Bethany is in the Circle)

Bethany: That corruption. I don't think there's any record of it having... that effect. But even the threat of it... anyone normal would choose to die first.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Keep thinking good thoughts.
Bethany: Too many ignore it. That's why we need Grey Wardens, and why they're at risk of... that.
Nessa: You'd still rather be dead?
Bethany: I am dead. It's just... taking it's time.

  

(If Bethany joined the Grey Wardens)

Bethany: That corruption... that's what I was saved from. You wouldn't have let it go that far though. You'd have done anything.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: No worries, everything is dandy now.
Bethany: Oh, quite.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: And I would again.
Bethany: I know.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: It shouldn't have been necessary.
Bethany: Maybe. But thanks.

(Or, in a rivalry)

Bethany: That corruption... that's what I was saved from. If you call it saved, anyway.
Nessa: I do, and you should too.

Nessa and Carver

(In Act 1)

Carver: Whatever we find down here, I don't want this getting back to mother.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Keeping secrets brother? Tsk.
Carver: She's worried enough. What good will it do her to know that this kind of thing is... in our blood.
Nessa: Maybe she knew.
Carver: Then she kept it to herself for good reason. Whatever we find, we need to bury it.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: We'll see and decide.
Carver: She's worried enough. What good will it do her to know that this kind of thing is... in our blood.
Nessa: Maybe she knew.
Carver: Then she kept it to herself for good reason. Whatever we find, we need to bury it.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Not your choice.
Carver: She's worried enough. What good will it do her to know that this kind of thing is... in our blood.
Nessa: Maybe she knew.
Carver: Then she kept it to herself for good reason. Whatever we find, we need to bury it.

  

Carver: That Larius - that's what people become if they're corrupted? I mean, they showed us ghouls before Ostagar, but never live. Never talking. That's never happening to me.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: I'll check under your bed when we get home.
Carver: You do that. Get the laundry while you're at it.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: Well, make sure that doesn't happen.
Carver: It's that easy? Oh, well, everything's fine then.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Then don't let it.
Carver: It's that easy? Oh, well, everything's fine then.

  

(If Carver is a templar)

Carver: One day we'll take the Deep Roads. Do what those Wardens can't seem to get done.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Right, can't be that big of a job. Saving the world.
Carver: They couldn't make it look harder if they tried. And maybe they are.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: Probably not that simple, but I'd like to see it.
Carver: Wouldn't we all.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Everyone else's job is easy, is that it?
Carver: They've have better than a thousand years. If any of this has an end, you think they'd get to it.

  

(If Carver is a templar and All That Remains has not been completed)

Carver: Mother shouldn't have to deal with this. As if you don't give her enough to worry about.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Says the templar.
Carver: A respected order. A position with a future, even if it's difficult. Never mind. I don't expect you to get it.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: Given our lineage, she was more upset by you.
Carver: A respected order. A position with a future, even if it's difficult. Never mind. I don't expect you to get it.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: You're the one who joined the templars.
Carver: A respected order. A position with a future, even if it's difficult. Never mind. I don't expect you to get it.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden)

Carver: That... man, and how corrupted he is? Remember that. That's what I'm fighting for.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: It is appreciated.
Carver: You're damn right it is.
Nessa: Then we agree.
Carver: Well... good.
Nessa: Good.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: I'll arrange a "thanking queue" when we're back in Kirkwall.
Carver: Sure, make fun of the end of the world.
Nessa: Best time for it, I'd think.
Carver: Well... good.
Nessa: Good.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden and All That Remains has not been completed)

Carver: Mother shouldn't have to deal with this. I give her enough to worry about.
Nessa: Hard to call this your fault.
Carver: Trouble follows our name I guess. The price of potential. At least you stay close to home. Must be nice.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Oh yes, bon-bons and peppermints until I am absolutely stuffed. All right, I didn't mean it like that.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: What's that supposed to mean?
Carver: I, er, nothing. Nothing. Let's just figure this out.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't think you know what I do.
Carver: Maybe that's best.

(Or, in a rivalry)

Carver: Trouble follows our name I guess. The price of potential. We Wardens will eventually save the world, and you... well, I'm sure you'll amount to something.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Right. Funny.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Trying hard, brother.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: That's the plan.

  

(If Carver is a templar and All That Remains has been completed)

Carver: Another mess. Is it bad that I'm glad Mother isn't around to suffer this?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: We do attract a peculiar kind of fortune.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't want to get into it.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: She knew what to expect.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden in Act 3)

Carver: Another mess. Is it bad that I'm glad Mother isn't around to suffer this?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: We do attract a peculiar kind of fortune.
Carver: I died my way into the Wardens and you punched your way to Champion. We are esteemed.
Nessa: Go with your strengths I guess.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't want to get into it.
Carver: I died my way into the Wardens and you punched your way to Champion. We are esteemed.
Nessa: Well deserved, every bit of it.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Carver: The corruption of that... man. I've been a Warden how long, and I've ever seen anything like that. I guess that's why I'm still alive. To stop that.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: And dumb luck. That's the other reason you're alive.
Carver: (Laughs) Credit where it's due, I suppose.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't envy you the job.
Carver: The attacks that brought me here were almost a welcome distraction. A normal assault with a normal enemy. I should have known, really. Nothing normal about us.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: First things first, Warden.
Carver: Right. You, then everything else. Got it.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden and All That Remains has not been completed)

Carver: Mother shouldn't have to deal with this. I give her enough to worry about.
Nessa: Hard to call this your fault.
Carver: Trouble follows our name I guess. The price of potential. At least you stay close to home. Must be nice.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Oh yes, bon-bons and peppermints until I am absolutely stuffed. All right, I didn't mean it like that.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: What's that supposed to mean?
Carver: I, er, nothing. Nothing. Let's just figure this out.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't think you know what I do.
Carver: Maybe that's best.

(Or, in a rivalry)

Carver: Trouble follows our name I guess. The price of potential. We Wardens will eventually save the world, and you... well, I'm sure you'll amount to something.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Right. Funny.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Trying hard, brother.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: That's the plan.

  

(If Carver is a templar and All That Remains has been completed)

Carver: Another mess. Is it bad that I'm glad Mother isn't around to suffer this?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: We do attract a peculiar kind of fortune.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't want to get into it.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: She knew what to expect.
Carver: The sides we're on, it's all but guaranteed one of us would be worrying her. If I knew how to fix that, well... it doesn't matter. let's just get this mess cleaned up.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden in Act 3)

Carver: Another mess. Is it bad that I'm glad Mother isn't around to suffer this?

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: We do attract a peculiar kind of fortune.
Carver: I died my way into the Wardens and you punched your way to Champion. We are esteemed.
Nessa: Go with your strengths I guess.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: I don't want to get into it.
Carver: I died my way into the Wardens and you punched your way to Champion. We are esteemed.
Nessa: Well deserved, every bit of it.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: She knew what to expect.
Carver: I died my way into the Wardens and you punched your way to Champion. We are esteemed.
Nessa: I'm not sure we can handle much more success.

  

(If Carver is a templar in Act 3)

Carver: Everything lower than Lowtown should just be filled in. The lot of it.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: So kill everything lower than your upturned nose?
Carver: If you don't want rats, you get rid of the colony.
Nessa: And then whatever eats rats has to look your way.
Carver: Well, lets do nothing then. My mistake.

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Shut up.
Carver: Yes, yes, too simple for the great machinations of the Elder Nessa.
Nessa: No, really, just shut up.

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: Seems a little harsh.
Carver: Really? You like chasing people back down their holes? I'd prefer they never came out in the first place.
Nessa: It's not a choice everyone has.
Carver: If they can't make it, doesn't mean I can't.

  

(Breaking the seals)

Carver: I suppose he won't stop coming after us unless we do this.

(Humorous Nessa)

Nessa: If you like, we could leave a strongly worded note on his sarcophagus and go.
Carver: You're so clever.

Nessa and Fenris

(If Nessa is romancing Fenris)

Nessa: So, Fenris... we, uh... we haven't spoken since...
Fenris: You wish to do this here? In front of everyone?

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Kinky.
Fenris: That wasn't... ugh. Nevermind.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality or aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Not my first choice, no.
Fenris: Nor mine. I'm sorry.

  

Fenris: How is it you get into these situations so often?
Nessa: What do you mean?
Fenris: Hmm. Attacked by dwarves, approached by strangers, stumbling upon ancient riddles... madness.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I don't know why it's like that. Fate, I suppose.
Fenris: "Fate" is a word for the Maker's poor sense of humor.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: It's a gift.
Fenris: (laughs) Well I think you should return it.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: It does feel like some unseen force is manipulating my fate.
Fenris: It's so wonderful having my personal business as someone else's sport.

  

Fenris: Thank you for asking me to come along again, Nessa.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality or aggressive/direct personality) Is there a reason I wouldn't?
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Why wouldn't I? More the merrier.
Fenris: I just... am pleased. To see you. That's all.

(Depending on who's in the party)

Varric: Smooth.
Isabela: (laughs) Oh Fenris.
Anders: (laughs)
Aveline: (laughs) And I thought I was bad at it.
Merrill: Oh. I think it's sweet.

  

Fenris: Why are the Wardens always up to mischief?
Carver: (laughs) I know right? You'd think they have nothing better to do.
Nessa: It's in their blood I suppose.
Fenris: They've no Blight to combat now. This keeps them busy?

Nessa and Isabela

Nessa: Someday I'll visit a place with no ancient evils, horrors, devouring plagues, or insanity.
Nessa: Maybe a beach.
Isabela: I can recommend a few, if you'd like.
Nessa: Please do.

(If Varric is in the party)

Varric: The day you go to the beach is the day an armada of angry demon pirates show up.
Nessa: I've got a bad feeling all of a sudden.

  

Isabela: Watch out, the ground looks treacherous here.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: Thank you.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Showing concern for others, Isabela? Tongues will wag.
Varric: Oh you can bet they will.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Hmm, I didn't think you cared.
Isabela: I... just don't want to see your brains dashed on the ground, that's all. Stop looking at me like that. I shouldn't have said anything.

  

Isabela: So now you're the target of batty dwarven assassins? You do attract the strangest types.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: It does seem that way, doesn't it?
Isabela: I wonder what it is. Perhaps you should bathe more frequently.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Yes. Like lust addled pirates.
Isabela: (laughs) Ooh, touché.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: You think I asked for this?
Isabela: I'm just making an observation.

  

Isabela: Do you hope to learn something about your father down here?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: Of course, I barely remember him.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: So long as it doesn't also involve my mother. Some things about your parents should never see the light of day.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Haven't thought about it. I just want to get out of here. Alive, if possible.
Isabela: Well, I think your father sounds like someone worth knowing. According my mother, my father wasn't. Not even for one night.

  

(During the battle with Corypheus)

Isabela: Get his armor off!
Nessa: Really, Isabela?
Isabela: I don't mean that! Stun him, paralyze him!

Nessa and Merrill

Merrill: How come you never get lost?
Nessa: I do. Sometimes.
Merrill: I've never seen it! And everybody follows you, and you always seem to know where you're going.
Nessa: Just act like you know where you're going, that's usually enough.
Merrill: I try that sometimes! But there's no amount of confidence that makes up for walking into the Grand Cleric's airing cupboard.
Nessa: What about that time I led us in circles around the Wounded Coast for 3 hours?
Merrill: Oh! I thought you were just admiring the view! Eh, it was a lovely day at least.

  

Merrill: I am so sorry about the wardrobe. Was it very badly smashed?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: It's fine, Merrill. How did it break anyway?

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: I had to put it out of its misery. What happened?

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: What did you do to it exactly?
Merrill: I didn't expect it to fall over the railing like that. I thought it'd be more stable.
Nessa: Fell over the railing? What?
Merrill: I mean it held up just fine for me! Poor Sandal, it took hours for Bodahn to coax him down from the chandelier.
Nessa: On second thought, I don't want to know.

  

Merrill: Why do you suppose the Carta want to live in a big hole in the ground?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I don't think they want to be here.

Merrill: Do you think they fell down here and got stuck? Maybe a good rope ladder would solve this whole Carta problem.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Oh, it's an up-and-coming neighborhood. In a few years, all the fashionable families will be down here.
Merrill: I don't think they'd make good neighbors, what with being crazy. The Carta, I mean, not the - I'll stop talking now.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Vermin always flock to dark places.
Merrill: Oh! Just like rats. I wonder if a lot of bread crumbs fall down here.

  

Merrill: I have to say, this is a nice break from the templars giving me the hairy eyeball all the time.
Nessa: Carver...

(If Nessa is in a romance with Merrill and Carver is a templar)

Carver: Don't you worry, it wasn't and won't be me. Have your fun.

(Otherwise)

Carver: Don't look at me. I haven't given her a hairy anything. Not that it's your business.

Nessa and Sebastian

Sebastian: I wish my parents could see me now.
Sebastian: They always said I had "no sense of the dignity of my station." A disgrace to the Vael name.

<Location dependent>

Sebastian: Now, here I am, tracking down dwarven ruffians...
Sebastian: Now, here I am, traipsing around the Deep Roads like a common soldier...

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I'm sure they'd be proud of you for defending a friend.
Sebastian: They must be rolling in their graves...

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: If you could bring your family back from the dead, that's what you'd want? For them to be disappointed in you?
Sebastian: (Laughs) How else would I know it's really them?

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: They're dead. Let them go.
Sebastian: They must be rolling in their graves...


Nessa and Varric

Nessa: Varric, I've heard... stories of a personal nature being spread around town.

(If Act 3, otherwise depending on friendship/rivalry)

Varric: You're the Champion of Kirkwall. People pay attention to everything you do. And everyone.

(Friendship)

Varric: And you want me to set the record straight? I'm honored.

(Rivalry)

Varric: If you want your private life to stay, uh, private, maybe don't sleep with half of Kirkwall.

(If romancing Anders)

Varric: As it happens, I haven't said a word about you and Blondie. I'd look at that, uh, uncle of yours for this particular rumor.
Anders: I'm right here, you know. Should I stick my fingers in my ears until you're done?

(If romancing Fenris)

Varric: I haven't told anyone about you and that, uh, angsty Tevinter elf. Try looking closer to home for that intelligence leak.
Fenris: Angsty Tevinter Elf?
Varric: What can I say? I strive for accuracy.

(If romancing Isabela)

Varric: I'm not spreading any tales about you and the Rivaini. Although she asks me every other week to start some.
Isabela: It would make a great new serial. Much better than that guard one you've been writing.

(If romancing Merrill)

Varric: I haven't breathed a word to anyone about you and Daisy. Maybe you better have a talk with uh, uncle greasy?
Nessa: Gamlen.

  

Nessa: Someday I'll visit a place with no ancient evils, horrors, devouring plagues, or insanity.
Nessa: Maybe a beach.
Isabela: I can recommend a few, if you'd like.
Nessa: Please do.

(If Varric is in the party)

Varric: The day you go to the beach is the day an armada of angry demon pirates show up.
Nessa: I've got a bad feeling all of a sudden.

  

Nessa: When you tell people about our escape from Lothering, why do you make it seem like I have food all over my face?
Varric: You're larger than life, Nessa. I had to give you a few flaws just to make you approachable.
Nessa: Did you call me fat?
Varric: Yes, that's pretty much how I tell it. "Nessa rolled into the fray like a gigantic pudding, covered in gravy." It's more dramatic that way.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I'm not sure about the epicness of this tale.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Does it have to be gravy? Couldn't it be chocolate instead?

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: I hope the story ends, "And then Nessa backhanded the mouthy dwarf."
Varric: Everyone's a critic.

  

Nessa: I'd like to know who this "Corypheus" is. With a name like that, I know he's bound to go "Muahaha" at some point, I just know it. And really? More blood? Why can't it ever be spit or a lock of hair?
Varric: You really want to encounter a spit mage?
Nessa: For variety, sure.

(If Carver is in the party and in a friendship)

Carver: You worry me, you know that?

(Rivalry)

Carver: Oh, shut up.

  

Nessa: I heard you're being fixed up with one of the Helmi daughters.
Varric: Thanks Nessa. I've been trying to forget about that all week.
Nessa: So... not love at first sight?
Varric: Dusana Helmi is easy on the eyes. Also, she's tried to kill me five times this year.
Nessa: Did she try again during the date?
Varric: She waited until I paid for dinner. She's in the Merchant's Guild, Nessa.
Nessa: So, you're not going to see her again?
Varric: No. And I might leave town for a while just to make sure.
Nessa: Being the most eligible bachelor in the Merchant Guild is perilous indeed.
Varric: I'm going to need more aliases.

  

Nessa: I'm surprised you agreed to come, Varric. You hate being underground and you avoid the Carta the same way you do the Merchant Guild.
Varric: There's no way I'd miss watching you make these motherless nug-lickers cry. If you wanna punch a few stalagmites on the way there, that's good too.

  

(Upon reaching the Final Seal)

Varric: Oh, that's nice.
Nessa: What's so nice about it?
Varric: I was just wondering what some place sinister and foreboding would look like, and here it is.

Mark of the Assassin DLC
Nessa's remarks

(Starting quest A Symbolon) "A miniature painting. Bethany would love this."
(After finding another painting during A Symbolon) "Bethany loves this tat. Looks a bit like Gamlen. In a good way."
(Starting quest The Odd Ensign) "You know, if you turn your head, the crest on that pennant looks like two goats and a duck jumping out of a barrel."
(After finding second pennant during The Odd Ensign) "Chevalier standards. Carver adores this rubbish."
(Starting quest Arcane Feathers) "Feathers? Well, Anders could always use those. I swear that man molts in the spring."
(After finding another simir bird feather during Arcane Feathers) "More plumage..."
(Starting quest A Warrior's Legacy) "Where did the duke get this? This was part of a Fog Warrior's amulet. Fenris has mentioned them. I never thought I'd see one."
(Starting quest Literary Theft) "Hard in Hightown II: Even Harder? Varric will want to know about this."
(After finding another book during Literary Theft) "This spelling is even worse than Anders' manifesto..."
(After finding another book during Literary Theft) "'Donnen punched like he'd never punched before'... Maker's breath."
(Starting quest A Map of Sorts) "A pirate medallion. I wonder if Isabela knows anything about it."
(After picking up a medallion during A Map of Sorts) "This belonged to Tartaro, captain of The Bride's Lament."
(After picking up a medallion during A Map of Sorts) "The name on this is Florid Jask Holden, captain of The Scavenger. Florid? Ugh, pirates."
(Starting quest A Romantic's Gift) "You can't rhyme 'blooms' with 'bosoms'. Ah well, I'm sure Aveline will enjoy it anyway."
(After finding another love poem during A Romantic's Gift) "'My love is like a candle in the bath'... Who writes this stuff?"
"Hmm... Not sure who owned this one. It's got a wicked notch taken out of it, though."[1]
"Another bit of heraldry. What is that? A horse with a goat coming out of its mouth?"[1]

Nessa and Anders

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Anders: So you trust this woman who just leapt off a rooftop into the middle of an ambush with the Crows?
Tallis: I didn't have anything to do with the ambush.
Anders: I wasn't asking if you did.
Nessa: I'm pretty sure she's not a templar, Anders.

  

Anders: What was your father like?
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) A good man, patient. He never yelled, but you knew when he was disappointed.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) You could never get a straight answer out of the man. Everything was a joke. People say I take after him.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) Strict. High expectations. And if you didn't meet them, you'd hear about it.
Anders:
(To a male Nessa) If more mages were allowed to keep their families, people would learn not to fear them so much.
(To a female Nessa) You know, you're the only person I've met with a mage parent she actually remembers.
(To a a mage Nessa) You and Bethany were lucky. Most mages would kill to have what you had.
Anders: At the Circle, any accidental babies are taken away before the mother even sees them.
Nessa:
(Diplomatic) That's horrible.
(Humorous) And the Chantry says it's all about protecting families.
(Aggressive) My father would never stand for that.

  

(If romanced, after they have escaped from the Dungeons)

Anders: Here I always figured you'd be the one coming to spring me from someone's dungeon. I had it all planned.
Anders: I'd be in the Gallows, templars all around, holding the brand for the Rite of Tranquility. Then you'd burst in and break my chains.
Anders: And then it would be all about the best way to show my gratitude.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) Then I should spend some time working out how to thank you.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Did it have anything to do with finding another use for those chains?
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) You already know the best way to do that.

(The next line depends on who is in the party)

Fenris: Get a room!
Aveline: I hate to point this out, but... Tallis rescued Nessa.
Isabela: This is all so sweet... but we didn't actually do any rescuing, remember?
Tallis: Not to come between you two or anything, but you didn't actually rescue us.
Tallis: I did.
Nessa: Though... you didn't actually rescue me, did you?
Anders: It's the thought that counts.

(Alternative)

Anders: I could be grateful to you too.

  

Anders: This hobnobbing with the nobility suits you.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic personality) I didn't think you have a particularly high opinion of them.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) I suspect that's an insult.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) Take that back!
Anders: Meant in the best possible way.
Anders: I knew the day I met you that you'd rise above the rest of the refugees.
Anders: I wish there were more nobles who had to earn it.

Nessa and Aveline

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Aveline: I don't like the sound of this, Nessa.
Nessa: (Diplo) You think it's a trap, or you don't want to steal from a nobleman.
Aveline: I don't think we should be breaking laws for someone we just met.
Tallis: I'm right here, you know. Should I stand farther away? Maybe plug my ears?

  

Aveline: So this is what life could have been if father hadn't been exiled.
Aveline:
(During Act 1) Fancy. I wonder if I would've liked it.
(Otherwise) I think I'm all right with what I've got. And who I've got.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic personality)

Nessa: Right, you were born in Orlais. Lady du Lac.
Aveline: (Laughs) It sounds so... ridiculous.
Aveline: They're not all like this. I wouldn't be. Father wasn't.
Aveline: I suppose that was the problem.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: You'd look grand next to the De Launcets. All coiffed and... buttressed.
Aveline: Maker, no!
Nessa: Aveline, my bulbous cherub, you must hear the droning of Lord Full-of-Shit.
Aveline: Stop it, you.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Nothing I see from this lot makes me second guess a thing.
Aveline: Well, no. But their nation didn't get as strong as it is because of this bunch.
Aveline: It's a proud place with good reason. At least, that's what Father chose to say.

  

(If Nessa helps Tallis)

Aveline: I don't like getting caught up in this, Nessa. Qunari follow their own laws, not ours.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)
Nessa: Tallis makes you uncomfortable?
Tallis: Yes, do I?
Aveline: It all makes me uncomfortable. Which is probably intentional.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)
Nessa: And when have I ever stayed in my place?
Aveline: (Laughs) Fair point.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)
Nessa: Siding with the Orlesians would be any better?
Aveline: At least they're understandable.

Aveline: Can a Qunari be grateful to outsiders? We're just tools.
Aveline: They really aren't like us. Not even her.

Nessa and Bethany

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Bethany: What are we going to do about all these dead Crows?
Nessa: I think the street sweepers clean them up eventually.
Bethany: That really doesn't make me feel better.
Tallis: Everyone's got to make a living somehow.

  

(During Act 1)

Bethany: Are you sure we should be doing this?
Bethany: I mean, I know we need coin, but... stealing? What if this duke is on good terms with the templars?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic personality)

Nessa: We're not stealing. We're returning the jewel to its rightful owner.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa:
(If you worked for Meeran) You don't bat an eye at fireballing people for Meeran's profit, but you draw the line at stealing?
(If you worked for Athenril) You were all right with smuggling thousands of sovereigns for Athenril, but you draw the line at one jewel?
Bethany: We didn't have a choice. Now that we're working for ourselves, I just thought we could do better.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: We won't get caught.

  

Bethany: Uncle Gamlen's been sneaking into my room. He thinks I don't notice, but he's not exactly a master criminal.

(If Nessa is female)

Nessa: Ugh! Is Mother sure we're related to that slime?
Bethany: Would she put up with him otherwise?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic personality)

Nessa: Has he been... inappropriate?
Bethany: He was born that way, but no, nothing... bad.
Bethany: As far as I can tell, he's been going through my things for loose coin. I'm missing a silver eight!

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Uh, does that mean I should stop doing that too?
Bethany: Gross!
Bethany: It's more pathetic than anything untoward.
Bethany: As far as I can tell, he's been going through my things for loose coin. I'm missing a silver eight!

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Im going to rip his bloody head off.
Bethany: It's more pathetic than anything untoward.
Bethany: As far as I can tell, he's been going through my things for loose coin. I'm missing a silver eight!

  

(If Bethany is a Circle mage)

Nessa: Happy to be out of the Circle?
Bethany: It's strange. I miss a lot, but other things...

(If Nessa is female)

Bethany: You're a far better "Lady Nessa" than I would have been.
Nessa: I don't believe that for a second.

(If Nessa is male)

Bethany: You're a far better representative of the family than I would have been.
Nessa: Please be sure to tell these snobs.

  

(If Bethany is a Grey Warden)

Nessa: Happy to be out of the Deep Roads for a while?
Bethany: Not especially.
Bethany: I'm sure it's nice for you. These are your kind of people.
Bethany: No, that wasn't fair. I'm... I'm sorry. That was about me.
Nessa: I know. And it wasn't fair for you either.

Nessa and Carver

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Carver: Why can't we ever meet any normal people?
Tallis: I'm normal!
Carver: You jumped off a roof and stabbed a man in the back.
Tallis: In a completely normal fashion!

  

(During Act 1)

Carver: Maybe I should join the Qun
Carver: They're warriors. They respect strength, determination. They have no family ties.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) Really? That's the draw?
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) You might struggle with the "obedience to authority" part.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) And they kill you if you whine. You'd hate it.
Carver: Ha! Got you.
Carver: I'm not joining the bloody Qun. But Gamlen... he'd fall for it. Hmm...

  

(If Carver is a templar)

Carver: Try not to cause too much trouble, will you? I have to uphold the tenets of the order now.

(Friendship and rivalry)[confirmation needed]

Nessa:
(As a friend) Am I... compatible with those tenets?
(As a rival) Should I be worried, templar?
Carver: Don't you remember how we scrambled to buy influence? It worked, obviously.
Carver: No one is touching Nessa of Hightown. Not without a lot of weight behind them.

(Alternative)

Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) I don't think I'm cut out to follow your tenets.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Well, you know where you can "uphold" them.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) I'll try and work in some mage-oppression too.
Carver: Right. You and I can keep it civil until you're done... whatever it is you think you're doing.

  

(If Carver is a Grey Warden)

Carver: So, still playing at these little adventures.

(Alternative)[further explanation needed]
Carver: You never did know when to put away your toys.

Nessa:
But they's such fun! And you're so old now.
So "grow up" is what my little brother is saying.
Carver: Seems odd, doesn't it?
Carver: Have your fun. But it has to end someday. Everything does.

(Alternative)[further explanation needed]

Nessa: And you never knew when to shut up.
Carver: Harsh, but fair.
Carver: Have your fun. But it has to end someday. Everything does.

(Alternative to the "toys" line)[further explanation needed]

Carver: Seems like you could be doing something bigger with your name.

(During Act 2)[confirmation needed]

Nessa:[further explanation needed]
Do you have an estate? I have an estate.
You should come see the estate before you judge.
Carver: Right. The family fortune. And yet you're still chasing stuff like this.
Carver: Sounds like it's ringing hollow, Brother.

(During Act 3)[confirmation needed]

Nessa:[further explanation needed]
Um, hello: Champion.
The mantle of Champion sits pretty comfortably.
Seems like sour grapes.
I'm the Champion. What do you want?
Carver: Right. I know how you got the title. How often do you think that's going to happen?
Carver: Everything ends. Someday.

  

Carver: Is this revenge?
Carver: You're mad at me for something, so you drag me out to "Baron Paucity de Rochfort's" grand fete?

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I figured there'd at least be free food.
Carver: I do like free food.
Nessa: I've got your back.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: (Chuckles) I've been calling him "Duke Prosperity," but Paucity de Rochfort is much better.
Carver: Le Baron du Stinky-Cheese...

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Yes, inviting you to a party is an insidious punishment I've been planning for months.
Carver: Probably going to make me eat the moldy cheese, too.

  

(About the three statues in the Dungeons)

Carver: Look at these guys. "Arr. Would yer like me to swab yer poop deck, matey?"
Nessa: Carver, stop.
Carver: Sorry.

Nessa and Fenris

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Fenris: Everywhere we go, people try to kill you.
Nessa: You've been responsible for that yourself, on a few occasions.
Tallis: I'll fit right in, then.

  

(If Nessa is romancing Fenris)

Fenris: You frightened me.
Nessa: Me?
Fenris: Before we found you, there was a moment when I...
Fenris: Don't do that again.

  

(After fighting Ghasts on the mountainside)

Fenris: Just how many creatures live on this mountain?
Nessa: Be thankful they're not high dragons.
Fenris: Hmm. Good point.

  

Fenris: You are too willing to involve yourself in the affairs of others, Nessa.
Fenris: Each time you put yourself at risk. One day you will not be so lucky.
Nessa: You have a better idea?
Fenris: Guard what you have. Keep your head low.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: That sounds like a way to go through life without ever knowing anyone.
Fenris: I... suppose so.
Nessa: How well has that worked for you, Fenris?
Fenris: (Grunts)

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Like a dragon! Guarding my treasure hoard.
Fenris: That's not what I meant.
Nessa: Shall I eat passersby? Maybe I can demand virgin sacrifices.
Fenris: Even dragons are eventually slain, Nessa.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: Without risk, there's no reward.
Fenris: Perhaps. One day you may simply end up being rewarded with a blade in the back.
Nessa: Not your blade, however.
Fenris: Not my blade, no.

Nessa and Isabela

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Isabela: Don't forget to loot the bodies!
Nessa: Do I ever?
Tallis: Do you really need to pillage the dead?
Isabela: Pillage and plunder is half the fun!

  

Isabela: Would you tell your uncle to leave me alone? He's often... inappropriate.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: How so?
Isabela: Please don't make me go into the details.
Nessa: I'll see what I can do. And thank you for not breaking his legs.
Isabela: I don't beat on the elderly. And... I really don't want to touch him.
Isabela: How are you two even related? It boggles the mind.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: You find something inappropriate?
Isabela: Extremely so! It's... rather repulsive, actually. Please talk to him.
Nessa: But it's more entertaining if I don't.
Isabela: Nessa!
Nessa: You have pretty eyes.
Isabela: Oh, you're impossible!

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: You're perfectly capable of dealing with such things yourself. I've seen it.
Isabela: You want me to beat up a feeble old man?
Isabela: That's cold, even for you.
Isabela: I know. I'll ask Lady Biceps. She'll have an answer.
Aveline: Break him. And wear pants.

  

Isabela: (Snickers)
Nessa: What is it now?
Isabela: Ghast hole.

(If Aveline is in the party)

Aveline: (Snickers) Not funny.

Nessa and Merrill

(If Nessa romances Merrill)

Merrill: Ma vhenan, I was thinking... maybe your house needs a garden.
Nessa: I suppose it wouldn't hurt.

(Otherwise)

Merrill: Nessa... have you ever thought about planting a garden?
Nessa:
(During Act 1): At Gamlen's house? You don't think that would be cruel to the plants?
(Otherwise): I hadn't really. Why?
Merrill: Things seem so grim all the time. You could use a few flowers.

  

Merrill: It's so exciting to be out of Kirkwall! It seems we haven't left there in ages!
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) We go to lots of places.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) We do seem to spend a ridiculous amount of time in the city.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) I suppose.
Merrill: I needed this break. I was starting to think every part of Kirkwall looked alike.

  

(In the dungeons)

Merrill: Oh, caves! I like caves!
Nessa: No, you don't, Merrill.
Merrill: Oh, right! Giant creepy spiders and things live in caves! What is it I'm thinking of, then? Ruins?

  

(After encountering two wyverns if Nessa leaves Tallis)

Merrill: Hahren Paivel used to tell stories about wyverns.
Nessa: What kind of stories?
Merrill: The "never go to the mountains where they hunt because whole Dalish clans have vanished" sort.
Merrill: They never had happy endings. Except for the wyvern chicks, I guess.

Nessa and Sebastian

Sebastian: I wonder if there's something we can learn from the Qunari.
Sebastian: Have you seen how loyal they are? Even the least member has the faith of a dedicated brother.

(If Nessa is male)

Nessa:[further explanation needed]
People like being told what to think. The Chantry is too open-minded.
Maybe you should talk to Tallis. Find out what drew her to the Qun.
They just do what they're told.

(If Nessa is female)

Nessa: Are you leaving me to join the Qun?
Sebastian: Never.

Sebastian: I wonder what it takes to convince so many people that you have all the answers.

  

(During Act 2)

Sebastian: I'm surprised you never took the Amell name.
Nessa: Why?
Sebastian:
(To a female Nessa) Once the viscount accepted you as your grandparents' heir, you could have been Lady Amell.
(To a male Nessa) The viscount accepted you as your grandparents' legitimate heir. If you took the name, you'd be a lord.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: I'm happy with who I am.
Sebastian: You're right, then. You wouldn't fit in among the nobility.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Like I don't have enough people trying to kill me already?
Sebastian: (Laughs) This isn't Antiva. Not all nobles are targets for assassination.
Varric: How sheltered are you?

(Otherwise)

Nessa: Are you supposed to be proof of this theory?
Sebastian: Point.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Nessa: I'd rather teach them to respect the name Nessa.

Nessa and Varric

Nessa: Who in the blazes is that?
Varric: Don't know! Kill people, then ask!
Tallis: Good plan!

  

(After the ambush in Hightown)

Varric: So, that meeting with Edge?
Nessa: The one that turned into an ambush just now?
Varric: I changed my mind. Let's not go.

  

Nessa: What makes you think I steal things because people ask me to?

(If Isabela is in the party)

Isabela: Well I would.

(If Aveline is also in the party)

Aveline: (Scoffs) What don't you do?

(If Fenris is in the party)

Fenris: That's our Isabela. Such a giver.

Varric: I may have talked you up a bit. Maybe more than once.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Nessa: Oh Varric.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Nessa: Wonderful.

(If Nessa is a mage)

Varric: What? You'd rather I told everyone you were a mage?

  

Nessa: Varric.
Varric: You called?
Nessa: I notice you don't have a nickname for me.
Varric: I call you Nessa. You've probably heard it once or twice.
Nessa: But that's my name. It's not like Daisy or Blondie.

(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality)

Varric: All right, Waffles. You really want a nickname, I can hook you up.
Nessa: Waffles? That's... unexpected.

(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality)

Varric: Sure, Chuckles. You want a nickname, I'll be happy to fix you up.
Nessa: Chuckles? That works.

(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality)

Varric: If you really want a nickname, I can oblige. I'm thinking about going with Killer.
Nessa: How creative.

  

Varric: Watch it. Ghast hole.
Nessa: A what hole?
Varric: A scholar might call it something else, but they don't know their ghasts from a hole in the ground.

(If Anders is in the party)

Anders: And they say I'm the monster.

(If Aveline is in the party)

Aveline: I'm going to hit him. I'll do it.

(If Bethany is in the party)

Bethany: Oh, for the love of...

(If Carver is in the party)

Carver: (Laughs)

(If Fenris is in the party)

Fenris: That one actually hurt.

(If Isabela is in the party)

Isabela: (Snickers)

(Else)

Nessa: Why do you bad-touch words like that?

  

Nessa: I've always meant to ask, Varric, when we met in the Merchant Guild, you seemed to be waiting for me.
Varric: That's a statement, Nessa. What's your question?
Nessa: Were you waiting for me?
Varric: Actually, I meant to catch you before you saw Bartrand.
Nessa: But you knew I'd be there.
Varric: Maybe I wasn't obvious about this already, but finding out things I'm not supposed to know is pretty much what I do.

Nessa and Tallis

Tallis: Is your family really from Kirkwall? I heard you were Fereldan.
Nessa: My mother's family is from Kirkwall. We left Ferelden during the Blight.
Tallis: Makes sense. Did you know the Warden?
Nessa: No. Someone even told me she/he came to Lothering. But if so, I never saw him/her.

(If the Warden was a human mage)

Nessa: No, but I understand s/he is a relative.
Tallis: Why am I not surprised?

  

Tallis: Champion of Kirkwall? Fancy title.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) Not that fancy.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) The "Only One in Kirkwall not Completely Insane" was considered.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality): It was earned.
Tallis: So do you get a stipend? They let you rule the city?
Nessa:
(Diplomatic) I'm not sure someone can rule that city.
(Humorous) They gave me a medal. It's shiny.
(Aggressive) Not yet.

  

(If Nessa flirted with Tallis)

Tallis: Are you married?
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) Is that a proposal?
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Performing a survey?
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) Why?
Tallis: It's just you're the Champion of Kirkwall... Big. Important. I don't know.
Tallis:
(To a male Nessa) Just wondering if there is a little woman behind your throne.
(To a female Nessa) Just... wondering if there is a husband behind the throne.

(If Nessa currently romances one of them and is present)

Anders: Yes, who is behind your throne, Nessa?
Isabela: Yes. That's a very good question, isn't it?
Fenris: A fine question.
Nessa: Let's keep moving.

(If Nessa romances Merrill)

Merrill: Are there any thrones in your mansion, Nessa? All the chairs are so small.
Nessa: Oh Merrill.

(If not)

Nessa:
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Not unless I stowed the body there.
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality) No.

  

Nessa: Just how long has this wyvern hunt been going on?
Tallis: It's an annual tradition the Montforts began to keep the population down. They breed quickly.

(If Nessa is romancing Fenris)

Fenris: Elves too. We're plucky that way.
Tallis: Well there's no annual elf hunt. Yet.

Nessa: And the Orlesian nobility is only too happy to help out?
Tallis: It's a game. The Montforts are close to the empress, so anything that pleases them is worth pursuing. Plus you should really try the aquae lucidius. You'll be seeing purple dragons in the sky for days.

(If Carver is in the party and it is completed in Act 1)

Carver: For days? Really?
Nessa: Don't even think about it, Carver.
Carver: You never let me have any fun.

(If Carver is in the party and it is completed after Act 1)

Carver: And you'll be completely useless the whole time.
Nessa: I don't even want to ask how you know.

(If Varric is in the party)

Varric: Forty crowns a bottle on the black market. Not that I've checked or anything.

  

Nessa: For a slaughtering ground, it's actually rather pretty.
Tallis: The Montfort family inherited this mountain from a clan of Nevarran dragon-hunters. Well, maybe inherited is the wrong word. What do you call it when you kill someone in order to get all their stuff?

(Diplomatic Nessa)

Nessa: Murder?
Tallis: Profitable murder, maybe.

(Sarcastic Nessa)

Nessa: Adventuring!

(Aggressive Nessa)

Nessa: Tuesday.

  

Tallis: Watch out. There may be ghasts.
Nessa: From a hole.
Tallis: Cave, technically.

  

Tallis: Watch out! Big-hat ghast!

(If Isabela is in the party)

Isabela: (Snickers) Ghast hat.

(Otherwise)

Nessa: Big hats are never good!

  

Tallis: Is that... wyverns mating?
Nessa: Could we mimic that?
Tallis: No! Oh, the sound. Right, yes, I can try that.

  

(During the Orlesian party, when clicked)

Tallis: I see several men who might be captains in the duke's guard. One of them should have a key.
Nessa: And how do you propose we get it from them?
Tallis: How else? We ask nicely, and tell him we'll give it right back.
Nessa:
(If Nessa has a diplomatic/helpful personality) I'm sure they wouldn't mind. Orlesians are such pleasant people.
(If Nessa has a humorous/charming personality) Brilliant! Why didn't I think of that?
(If Nessa has an aggressive/direct personality): Remind me why busting down the door isn't an option?

  

Nessa: More Qunari!
Tallis: Tal-Vashoth!
Nessa: You know what I mean!

  

(To Baron Arlange as a female Nessa)

Tallis: You do realize this woman has nasty little thugs like you for breakfast, I hope?

(Sarcastic Nessa)

Nessa: Only when we're out of pancakes.

(To Baron Arlange as a male Nessa)

Tallis: You do realize this man could beat you like a rented mule with both hands tied behind his back?

(Sarcastic Nessa)

Nessa: A rented mule would smell better.

  

Tallis: You let him go? That was.. very merciful.

(If Isabela is in the party)

Isabela: That's Nessa. "Merciful."

(If Merrill is in the party)

Merrill: Nessa is nice to everybody! Well, not bandits and skeletons and things. But everyone else!

(If Aveline is in the party)

Aveline: We only slaughter ninety percent of the things we meet.

(If Anders is in the party)

Anders: That's not a bad word, you know.

(If Bethany is in the party)

Bethany: That's one way to put it.

(If Carver is in the party)

Carver: You say that like it's a bad thing.

Tallis: We should go to the chateau. Time to practice your table conversation.
Nessa: And my Orlesian accent!

  

(If you take the direct approach to going through Chateau Haine)

Tallis: I came here to stop needless death, not to cause it.
Tallis: What if there are others? I can't turn back now.
Nessa: Speak up please, some of us are hard of hearing.
Tallis: Are you really?
Nessa: No.

  

Nessa: I guess the good news is with all this extra time I could learn to knit.
Tallis: Could you make me a sweater?
Nessa: No.
Tallis: (Sighs)

  

(Said if you bring only one companion instead of showing the cutscene where Nessa's companions are looking for them)

Tallis: So, any ideas on how to get out of here?
Nessa: I would turn into a dragon, but I'm all out of swamp witches.
Tallis: Aww. To think I passed a vendor on the way to Kirkwall. They were on sale, too!

(After Tallis opens the bars)

Nessa: You could have done that sooner.
Tallis: I wanted to talk.

  

(If Nessa flirted with Tallis)

Tallis: So you could go. There are, however... other options.

(Sarcastic/humorous Nessa)

Nessa: Coming on a bit strong, there, Tallis. We've only just met.
Tallis: But we've been through so much together! Wyvern hunts, betrayals, daring escapes from prison...
Nessa: You're right. I'm feeling so close to you right now.
Tallis: (Laughs) So it's true what they say about you.

(If Nessa currently romances one of them and is present)

Isabela:
(To a male Nessa) Oh it is. Trust me.
(To a female Nessa) She likes rogues. Rivaini rogues especially.
Fenris: Evidently.
Anders: Amazing, isn't it?
Merrill: What do they say? Nice things, I bet.

  

Nessa: So what now? You aren't just going to leave, are you?
Tallis: (Chuckles) You think I would fit into your merry entourage?

(If Isabela is in the party)

Isabela: Let's see... are you possessed? Consorting with demons? A pathological liar?

(If Aveline is also in the party)

Aveline: I am none of those things.
Isabela: Can you run five miles carrying a cow over your head?
Aveline: That's better.
Tallis: I have six toes on my left foot.
Isabela: Eh, close enough.

  

(If Nessa flirted with Tallis and their romantic interest is in the party)

Nessa: That's what you do for a friend.
Tallis: I can honestly say I'm a little jealous of you right now.
(Variously:)
Isabela: Well, there's a lot of Nessa to go around. You just have to ask me nicely.
Merrill: Oh, don't be jealous! Well... alright, be a little jealous.
Fenris: Just keep your distance.
Anders: Jealousy never hurt anyone... much.
Tallis: Hmm. (Sighs)
